{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\paperw13320\paperh10440{\fonttbl {\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red105\green105\blue105;}\margl1008\margr720\margt720\margb620\pard\ulnone\f0\fs18\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	10 years\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wasteland\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	10,000 maniacs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy everybody wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like the weather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	100 proof aged in soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody's been sleeping\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	10cc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't turn me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreadlock holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel the love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	food for thought\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good morning judge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm mandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is a minestrone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one two five\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubber bullets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silly love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the things we do for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wall street shuffle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	worst band in the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	112\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come see me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cupid\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	112\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot & wet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot & wet (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's over now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peaches & cream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u already know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	12 gauge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dunkie butt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	12 stones\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we are one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	1910 fruitgum co.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 3 redlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indian giver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simon says\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	2 chainz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	birthday song (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ckin' problems (with kendrick lamar, asap rocky & drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love dem strippers (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm different\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no lie (with drake)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	2 in a room\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wiggle it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	2 live crew\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	banned in the u.s.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do wah diddy diddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hoochie momma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me so horny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me so horny (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one & one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we want some p-ssy\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  2	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	2 unlimited\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do what's right for me (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get ready for this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no limit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the real thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twilight zone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanna get up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	20 fingers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lick it (before we kick it) (with roula)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	short d-ck man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	2gether\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hardest part of breaking up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	2pac\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 of amerikaz most wanted (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	changes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghetto gospel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do u want it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day at a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' (with notorious b.i.g.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so many tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thugz mansion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the end of time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3 doors down\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	away from the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind those eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	citizen soldier\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  3	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	3 doors down\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	duck & run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kryptonite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me be myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live for today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	road i'm on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the road i'm on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i'm gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3 of hearts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	arizona rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is enough\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	30 seconds to mars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	attack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer to the edge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kings & queens\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	311\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all mixed up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amber\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful disaster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beyond the gray sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creatures (for a while)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't tread on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first straw\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  4	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	311\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be here awhile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wouldn't believe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	38 special\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caught up in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on loosely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i'd been the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' onto the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teacher teacher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild eyed southern boys\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3am\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	busted\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3lw\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feels good (don't worry bout a thing) (with naughy by nature)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do (wanna get close to you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more (baby i'ma do right)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3oh!3\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't trust me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	double vision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow me down (with neon hitch)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my first kiss (with ke$ha)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starstrukk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starstrukk (with katy perry)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3rd bass\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gas face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop goes the weasel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3rd strike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	redemption\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  5	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	3sl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take it easy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	3t\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tease me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	4 him\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for future generations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the basics of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the measure of a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where there is faith\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	4 non blondes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't worry what's up mashup (vs. bobby mcferrin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pleasantly blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	4 p.m.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lay down your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	4 runner\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cain's blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ripples\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that was him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	42nd street\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	42nd street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're in the money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	45 grave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	evil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	5 6 7 8's, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	woo hoo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	5 stairsteps\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ooh child\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  6	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	50 cent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	21 questions (with nate dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amusement park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ayo technology\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy shop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disco inferno\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	encore (with dr dre & eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hate it or love it (with the game)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how we do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how we do (with the game)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i can't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna be alright (with jennifer lopez)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in da club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a lil' bit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic stick (with lil' kim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	major distribution (with snoop dogg and young jeezy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life (clean) (with eminem & adam levine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life (with eminem & adam levine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new day (with dr. dre & alicia keys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outlaw\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outta control (remix) (with mobb deep)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p.i.m.p.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patiently waiting (with eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight to the bank\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanksta\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	5th dimension, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(aquarius) let the sun shine in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(aquarius) let the sun shine in (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one less bell to answer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoned soul picnic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up up & away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wedding bell blues\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  7	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	69 boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tootsie roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	702\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get it together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where my girls at\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	7th heaven\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	8 stops 7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	question everything\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	98 degrees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because of you (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me just one night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do (cherish you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invisible man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god i found you (with mariah carey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hardest thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you want me to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this gift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way you want me to\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	a day to remember\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2nd sucks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all signs point to lauderdale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	downfall of us all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm made of wax larry, what are you made of\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's complicated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over my head (cable car)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since u been gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you be tails, i'll be sonic\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  8	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	a flock of seagulls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(it's not me) talking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i ran (so far away)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space age love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the more you live, the more you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing (if i had a photograph of you)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	a perfect circle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	3 libras\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	judith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hollow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the nurse who loved me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the outsider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weak & powerless\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	a taste of honey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie oogie oogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sukiyaki\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	a tribe called quest\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1nce again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	1nce again (with hook)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	award tour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i kick it (uk mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check the rhime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric relaxation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i left my wallet in el segundo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scenario\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	a$ap rocky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	f-ckin' problems (with drake, 2 chainz & kendrick lamar)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goldie\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  9	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	a.l.t. & the lost civilization\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tequila\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	a1\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caught in the middle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready or not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime of our lives\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aaliyah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	age ain't nothin' but a number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you that somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you that somebody (with rap)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at your best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back & forth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to give it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if your girl only knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	journey to the past\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock the boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one i gave my heart to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the page\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we need a resolution\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	abba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abba medley (stars on 45)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	andante\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as good as new\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  10	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	abba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bang-a-boomerang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chiquitita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does your mother know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eagle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fernando\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme gimme gimme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy new year\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hasta manana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he is your brother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head over heels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do i do i do i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knowing me, knowing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay all your love on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama mia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mamma mia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mega mix medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money money money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	name of the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring ring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s.o.s.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer night city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super trouper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a chance on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you for the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day before you came\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the name of the game\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  11	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	abba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the way old friends do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the winner takes it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under attack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voulez-vous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterloo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when all is said & done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i kissed the teacher\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	abbott, gregory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shake you down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	abc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be near me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison arrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the look of love pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tower of london\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when smokey sings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	abdul, paula\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blowing kisses in the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold hearted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever your girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knocked out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my foolish heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one or the other\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	opposites attract\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	opposites attract (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rush rush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spellbound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of attraction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight up\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  12	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	abdul, paula\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the promise of a new day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way that you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vibeology\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you marry me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	accept\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	balls to the wall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	acdc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in black (punk mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big balls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty deeds done dirt cheap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for those about to rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls got rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	giving the dog a bone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard as a rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a drink on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heatseeker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell ain't a bad place to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hells bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high voltage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highway to hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a long way to the top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jailbreak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me put my love into you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let there be rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meltdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money talks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night prowler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride on\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  13	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	acdc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock & roll ain't noise pollution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock n' roll damnation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	safe in new york city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake a leg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoot to thrill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shot down in flames\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sin city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sink the pink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stiff upper lip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	t.n.t.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunderstruck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who made who\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta rosie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you shook me all night long\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how long\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ace hood\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bugatti (with future and rick ross)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ace of base\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all that she wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always have, always will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful life (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cruel summer\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  14	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ace of base\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't turn around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time it rains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy nation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is like a flower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in danger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never gonna say i'm sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sign\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sign\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travel to romantis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheel of fortune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever you're near me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ace, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pledging my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	acuff, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wabash cannonball\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ad libs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the boy from new york city\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adam & the ants\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ant music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kings of the wild frontier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prince charming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand & deliver\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adamo, salvatore\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mauvais gar\uc2\u231\'E7\'00on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tombe la neige\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adams, bryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(everything i do) i do it for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(i wanna be) your underwear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	18 'til i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all for love (with rod stewart & sting)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  15	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	adams, bryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stop this thing we started\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cuts like a knife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do i have to say the words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't give up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever really loved a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heat of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i finally found someone (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i thought i'd died & gone to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i thought i'd seen everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only love (with tina turner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids wanna rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's make a night to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my one true friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a day like today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night love affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please forgive me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock steady (with bonnie raitt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run run rudolph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight from the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer of '69\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer of '69 (mtv unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only thing that looks good on me is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there will never be another night\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  16	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	adams, bryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're gone (with mel c.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why do you have to be so hard to love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adams, oleta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	circle of one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i knew you when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if this love should end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life keeps movin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never knew love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow motion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day i stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we will meet again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adams, ryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	answering bell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chains of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york, new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adams, yolanda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be still\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adamski\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	killer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	addotta, kip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wet dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adele\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best for last\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  17	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	adele\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black & gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasing pavements\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daydreamer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he won't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hiding my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hometown glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't make you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't make you love me (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i found a boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it hadn't been for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovesong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make you feel my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	many shades of black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	melt my heart to stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one & only\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promise this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promise this (live lounge special)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right as rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rolling in the deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rolling in the deep (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rumour has it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set fire to the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set fire to the rain (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set fire to the rain (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set fire to the rain (moto blanco remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skyfall\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  18	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	adele\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	someone like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone like you (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's it, i quit, i'm movin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tired\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turning tables\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adkins, trace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	arlington\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chrome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every light in the house is on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me understand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk badonkadonk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i left something turned on at home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna love you anyway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm tryin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladies love country boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely won't leave me alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marry for money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rough & ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	songs about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rest of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then they do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a girl in texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ain't no thinkin' thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're gonna miss this\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  19	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	adolescents\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amoeba\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	adventures of stevie v\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dirty cash\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aerosmith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adam's apple\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amazing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel's eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby, please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in the saddle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big ten inch record\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blind man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cryin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	draw the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dude (looks like a lady)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eat the rich\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling in love (is so hard on the knees)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly away from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls of summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hole in my soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to miss a thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jaded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	janie's got a gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' on the edge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love in an elevator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama kin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rag doll\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  20	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	aerosmith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	same old song & dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seasons of winter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spiderman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the other side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toys in the attic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	train kept on rollin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk this way (with run-dmc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what could have been love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what it takes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of love are you on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aesop rock\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pigs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	afewgoodmen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	have i never\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	afghan whigs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	debonair\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	afi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful thieves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days of the phoenix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endlessly she said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl's not grey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love like winter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss murder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect fit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver and cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the leaving song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the missing frame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	total immortal\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  21	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	afrojack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	takeover control (with eva simons)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	afroman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	12 j's of x-mas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because i got high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy rap (colt 45)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	after 7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how do you tell the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready of not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	til you do me right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	after the fire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	der kommissar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	afters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	against me!\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stop!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thrash unreal\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	agnes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	release me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aguilar, pepe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me estoy acostumbrando a ti\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aguilera, christina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no other man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bound to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candyman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't hold us down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't hold us down (with lil' kim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	car wash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	car wash (with missy elliot)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on over\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  22	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	aguilera, christina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dirrty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fighter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	genie in a bottle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i turn to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm o.k.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady marmalade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love for all seasons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty naughty boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody wants to be lonely (with ricky martin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not myself tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prima donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reflection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so emotional\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beautiful people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tilt ya head back (with nelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ven conmigo (solamente tu)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voice within\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a girl wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woohoo (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you lost me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your body\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	a-ha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	analogue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry wolf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hunting high & low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lifelines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manhattan skyline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay on these roads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the living daylights\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  23	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	a-ha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the sun always shines on tv\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's never a forever thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touchy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	air\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haunted la femme d'argent mashup (vs. love & rockets)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	air supply\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all out of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chances\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come what may\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even the nights are better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every woman in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can wait forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to give it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be thinking of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just as i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely is the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	making love out of nothing at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now & forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone who believes in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong strong wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one that you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two less lonely people in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	airborne toxic event, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gasoline\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  24	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	airborne toxic event, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sometime around midnight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	akins, rhett\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a thousand memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better than it used to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break for brunettes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't get me started\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every cowboy's dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friday night in dixie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if heaven wasn't so far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she said yes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that ain't my truck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what they're talkin' about\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	akon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bananza (belly dancer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bartender (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful (with colby o'donis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change me (with keri hilson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't matter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghetto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hypnotized (with plies)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna love you (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	locked up (with styles p.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right now (na na na)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy b-tch (with david guetta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy chick (with david guetta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smack that (with eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry, blame it on me\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  25	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	akon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweetest girl (dollar bill) (with wyclef jean, lil' wayne & nia)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alabama\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels among us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between the two of them\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't keep a good man down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas in dixie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close enough to perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancin' shaggin' on the boulevard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dixieland delight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin' again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels so right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever's as far as i'll go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forty hour week\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me one more shot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god must have spent a little more time on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here we are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high cotton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hometown honeymoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in a hurry (& don't know why)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in the mood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in pictures\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it works\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jukebox in my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keepin' up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady down on love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love in the first degree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mountain music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my home's in alabama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	of course i'm alright\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  26	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	alabama\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	old flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once upon a lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pictures & memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reckless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll on eighteen wheeler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad lookin' moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she ain't your ordinary girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got that look in her eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song of the south\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	t.l.c. a.s.a.p.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a little trip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cheap seats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the closer you get\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the maker said take her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the woman he loves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's no way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twentieth century\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we can't love like this anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we made love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it all goes south\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we make love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why lady why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you marry me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got the touch\par
\pard\sb290\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  27	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	alaina, lauren\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eighteen inches\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alan parsons project, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't answer me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eye in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	games people play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to say i'm sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wouldn't want to be like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	limelight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old & wise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alarm, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	68 guns\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	albert, morris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feelings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aldean, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amarillo sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hicktown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laughed until we cried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aldo nova\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fantasy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alias\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	more than words can say\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alice deejay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better off alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you back in my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alice in chains\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angry chair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check my brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dam that river\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  28	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	alice in chains\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dirt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't follow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in a hole (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god am (goddamn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got me wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven beside you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i stay away (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	junkhead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man in the box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no excuses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nutshell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rooster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sea of sorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	them bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your decision\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alien ant farm\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	movies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smooth criminal\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alisha's attic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i am, i feel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	all about eve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	martha's harbour\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	all saints\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all hooked up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black coffee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know where it's at\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never ever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pure shores\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  29	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	all saints\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	under the bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war of the nerves\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	all seeing i, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1st man in space\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	all that remains\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this calling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two weeks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	all time low\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	backseat serenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel like dancin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if these sheets were states\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in neverland\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	all-4-one\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can love you like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i swear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be right there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got skillz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	all-american rejects\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dirty little secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gives you hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat slowing down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ends tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move along\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing swing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allan, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a feelin' like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best i ever had\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from where i'm sitting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	her man\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  30	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	allan, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll take today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it would be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in a house full of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovin' you against my will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man to man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no man in his wrong heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing on but the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right where i need to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoke rings in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	songs about rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allen, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i only have eyes for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allen, deborah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the loving & the hurting too\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby i lied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break these chains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong side of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allen, kris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my weakness\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allen, lily\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	22\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alfie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f#ck you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ldn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	littlest things\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  31	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	allen, lily\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not fair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who'd have known\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allen, vick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	soul music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allin, gg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	suck my ass it smells\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	allman brothers band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't wastin' time no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hoochie coochie man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	melissa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight rider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one to run with\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one way out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please call home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ramblin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soulshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southbound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	statesboro blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stormy monday blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whipping post\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	almond, marc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jacky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears run rings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the days of pearly spencer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alpert, herb & the tijuana brass\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this guy's in love with you\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  32	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	alphabeat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fascination\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alphaville\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a victory of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big in japan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alter bridge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	metalingus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	altered images\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy birthday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alunageorge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	attracting flies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	alvin & the chipmunks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funkytown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how we roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uptown girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	witch doctor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aly & aj\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you believe in magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rush\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	amber\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sexual (li da di)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is your night (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ambrosia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	biggest part of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holdin' on to yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how much i feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the only woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	america\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daisy jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from a moving train\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  33	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	america\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	horse with no name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inspector mills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it never rains in southern california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muskrat love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	razorlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sandman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sister golden hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last unicorn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tin man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to each his own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ventura highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can do magic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	american breed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bend me shape me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	american hi-fi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flavor of the weak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the geeks get the girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	amerie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta work\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise (with ll cool j)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty brown (with trey songz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talkin' to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't we fall in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ames brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hawaiian war chant (ta hu wa hu wa)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ames, ed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my cup runneth over\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  34	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	amg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	b-tch betta have my money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	amigo's guitar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amigo's guitar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	amos, tori\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a sorta fairytale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a thousand oceans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caught a lite sneeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	china\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cornflake girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crucify\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackie's strength\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent all these years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleeps with butterflies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smells like teen spirit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talula\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taxi ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anastacia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heavy on my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can feel you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm outta love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	left outside alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day in your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pieces of a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sick & tired\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to my truth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bright lights & country music\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  35	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	anderson, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get a little dirt on your hands (with david allan coe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't wait any longer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get the fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life throw it away if i want to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern fried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the corner of my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, carl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	friends & lovers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, ernestine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feeling good\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, gary ''angry''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	suddenly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, ivie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it don't mean a thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bend it 'til it breaks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black sheep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chicken truck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country 'til i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fell in the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish i could have been there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got it made\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let go of the stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long hard lesson learned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mississippi moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money in the bank\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seminole wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solid ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight tequila night\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  36	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	anderson, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	swingin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	takin' the country back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild & blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would you catch a falling star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i still miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pickin' wildflowers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday morning in american\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	xxl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anderson, lynn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how can i unlove you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to a country song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocky top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a man my man is\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	andre, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flava\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	andrew w.k.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love nyc\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we want fun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	andrews sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alexander's ragtime band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat me daddy eight to the bar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer barrel polka\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bei mir bist du schoen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie woogie bugle boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't sit under the apple tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a guy in kalamazoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be with you in apple blossom time\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  37	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	andrews sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lullaby of broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh ma-ma (the butcher boy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rum & coca-cola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sincerely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing sing sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tico tico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woodpecker song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	andrews, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	helplessly hopelessly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be there for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's more to me than you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbreakable heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you go first\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	andrews, julie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do re mi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could have danced all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le jazz hot (victor victoria)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my favorite things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	andrews, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mad world (with gary jules)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	andy, horace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	skylarking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aneka\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	japanese boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	angel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wonderful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	angel, ashley parker\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let u go\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  38	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	angelle, lisa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wear your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	angels & airwaves\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the adventure\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	angels, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my boyfriend's back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anggun\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	snow on the sahara\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	animals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby can i take you home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boom boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring it on home to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cocaine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't bring me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let me be misunderstood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of amazing grace mashup (vs. judy collins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of the rising sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i put a spell on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san franciscan nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see see rider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sky pilot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spill the wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we gotta get out of this place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i was young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	animaniacs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a quake! a quake!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	animaniacs theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballad of magellan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be careful what you eat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bubba bo bob brain\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  39	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	animaniacs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	macadamia nut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary tyler dot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the great wakkorotti-the holiday concert\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the monkey song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's only one of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wakko's america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warner's lot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are we\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yakko's universe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yakko's world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	animotion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	obsession\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anka, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a steel guitar & a glass of wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black hole sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance on little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eso beso (that kiss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eye of the tiger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday sweet sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	having my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't like to sleep alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's hard to say goodbye (with celine dion)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's time to cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kissin on the phone\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  40	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	anka, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let me try again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my home town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh carol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puppy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your head on my shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smells like teen spirit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears in heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you make me feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time after time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderwall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are my destiny\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	annie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chewing gum\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	another bad creation\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	playground\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	another level\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bomb diggy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freak me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you for myself\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ant, adam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	desperate but not serious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goody two shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kings of the wild frontier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prince charming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand & deliver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vive le rock\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  41	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ant, adam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wonderful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anthony, marc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dimelo (i need to know)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hasta ayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to spend my lifetime loving you (with tina arena)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you sang to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anthony, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hokey pokey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anthrax\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	antisocial\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring the noise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring the noise (with public enemy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caught in a mosh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anti-flag\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tearing everyone down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got to die for your government\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got to die for your government (music in intro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	antigone rising\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't look back\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anti-nowhere league\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so what\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	streets of london\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	antonia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fame\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	anything box\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carmen\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  42	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	anything box\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i felt the pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in oblivion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we lie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aoki, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beat down (with angger dimas & iggy azalea)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aphrodite's child\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rain and tears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	apocalyptica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't care\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	apollo four forty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stop the rock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	apollonia 6\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sex shooter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me with u (with prince)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	apple, fiona\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	across the universe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better version of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	criminal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extraordinary machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast as you can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father & son (with johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first taste\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	limp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never is a promise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not about love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o' sailor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper bag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parting gift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please please please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadowboxer\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  43	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	apple, fiona\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sleep to dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tymps (the sick in the head song)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	april wine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cum hear the band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enough is enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like to rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just between you & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll is a vicious game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roller\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the whole world's going crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight is a wonderful time to fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wouldn't want to lose your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you won't dance with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aqua\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barbie girl (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	barbie girl (solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good morning sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lollipop (candy man)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn back time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aqualung\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brighter than sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arcade fire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city with no children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	intervention\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep the car running\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no cars go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready to start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebellion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speaking in tongues (with david byrne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  44	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	arcadia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	election day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	archer, tasmin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sleeping satellite\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	archers of loaf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	web in front\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	archies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sugar sugar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	architechs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	body groove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	archuleta, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little too not over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something 'bout love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arctic monkeys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brianstorm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cornerstone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fake tales of san francisco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fluorescent adolescent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from the ritz to the rubble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i bet you look good on the dancefloor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave before the lights come on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mardy bum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my propeller\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	r u mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red light indicates doors are secure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riot van\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still take you home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy picker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hellcat spangled shalalala\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	view from the afternoon\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  45	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	arctic monkeys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when the sun goes down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you probably couldn't see the lights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arden, jann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	insensitive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arena, tina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to spend my lifetime loving you (with marc anthony)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	symphony of life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	argent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold your head up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ariel pink's haunted graffiti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the drummer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	armada\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	song 4 mutya groove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	armatrading, joan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drop the pilot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	armstrong, louis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a kiss to build a dream on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blueberry hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool yule\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello dolly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss to build a dream on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's call the whole thing off (with ella fitzgerald)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we have all the time in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the saints go marching in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zat you santa claus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arnaz, desi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love lucy\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  46	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	arnold, eddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(just a little lovin') will go a long way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bouquet of roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cattle call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cattle call (with leann rimes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	each minute seems a million years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i really don't want to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to go with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll hold you in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make the world go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up on the housetop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's he doin' in my world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arondies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	class of '69\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arrested development\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ease my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. wendel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	arrows, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot hot hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	as if\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	enjoy the silence\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	candy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl from mars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life less ordinary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orpheus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star crossed\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  47	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you can't have it all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ashanti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always on time (with ja rule)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let them\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving (always on time part 2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a little umph in it (with jagged edge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock wit u (awww baby)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's luv (with fat joe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful (with r. kelly & ja rule)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ashcroft, richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a song for the lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break the night with color\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'mon people\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ashford & simpson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	solid\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ashton, susan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't cry hard enough (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gift (with collin raye)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're lucky i love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ashworth, ernest\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	talk back trembling lips\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  48	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	asia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heat of the moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only time will tell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	askey, arthur\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bee song, the (busy bee)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	asleep at the wheel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherokee maiden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roly poly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the letter that johnny walker read\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aslyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be the girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	association, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	along comes mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything that touches you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	windy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	astaire, fred\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cheek to cheek\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's call the whole thing off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night & day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puttin' on the ritz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you look tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	asteroids galaxy tour\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the golden age\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	astley, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry for help\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never gonna give you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me to your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ones you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i fall in love\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  49	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	aswad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't turn around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	at the drive-in\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one armed scissor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one armed scissor (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atari teenage riot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	collapse of history\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ataris, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the saddest song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	around the world (la la la la la)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	athlete\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	el salvador\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tourist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wires\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got the style\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atkins, chet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i still write your name in the snow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor boy blues (with mark knopfler)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atkins, rodney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cleaning this gun (come on in boy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honesty (write me a list)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing along\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watching you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atlanta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet country music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atlanta rhythm section\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doraville\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imaginary lover\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  50	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	atlanta rhythm section\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so into you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atlantic starr\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	masterpiece\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret lovers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atlas genius\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trojans\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atmosphere\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern man's hustle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atom & his package\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	punk rock academy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atomic kitten\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cradle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eternal flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you come to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's ok\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladies night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tide is high (get the feeling)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	atreyu\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ex's & oh's\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	audio bullys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shot you down (with nancy sinatra)\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  51	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	audioslave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cochise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doesn't remind me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of exile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me how to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your time has come\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	auf der maur, melissa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	followed the waves\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	august & spur of the moment\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1-95 song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	augustana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boston\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	austin, patti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby come to me (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you keep the music playing (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we're not in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	austin, sherrie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	innocent man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never been kissed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one solitary tear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your heart into it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	streets of heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	autograph\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turn up the radio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	automatic, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	monster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raoul\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  52	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	automatic, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	recover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steve mcqueen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	autry, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in the saddle again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rudolph the red-nosed reindeer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	avalon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	testify to love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	avalon, frankie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beauty school dropout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bobby sox to stockings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dede dinah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just ask your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	venus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	avalon, mickey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jane fonda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my d-ck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so rich, so pretty (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	avant\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kiss goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	avenged sevenfold\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	afterlife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	almost easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bat country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beast & the harlot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carry on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightmare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seize the day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	average white band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pick up the pieces\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  53	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	average white band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	schoolboy crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work to do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	avicii\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i could be the one (nicktim) (with nicky romero)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	awolnation\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kill your heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not your fault\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sail\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	axe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock n roll party in the streets\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	axton, hoyt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	della and the dealer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	az yet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to say i'm sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	azar, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't have to be me ('til monday)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never stopped lovin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waitin' on joe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aznavour, charles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a paris au mois d'aout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	et pourtant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	il faut savoir\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	aztec camera\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oblivious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	b.b. & q band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreamer\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  54	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	b.m.u.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	u will know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	b.o.b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	airplanes (with hayley williams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bombs away (with morgan freeman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	both of us (with taylor swift)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic (with rivers cuomo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let you go (with ryan tedder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin' on you (with mars bruno)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of my mind (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play the guitar (with andre 3000)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ray bands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we still in this b-tch (with t.i. and juicy j)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	b.t. express\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do it 'til you're satisfied\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	b2k\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bada boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bump bump bump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gots ta be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uh huh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why i love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	b-52's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bedrock twitch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance this mess around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deadbeat club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	debbie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love shack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet the flintstones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party out of bounds\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  55	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	b-52's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	private idaho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock lobster\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baauer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	harlem shake\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	babbitt, harry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the white cliffs of dover\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	babes in toyland\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet 69\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baby bash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	slide over (with miguel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suga suga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suga suga (with frankie j.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baby d\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(everybody's got to learn sometime) i need your loving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so pure\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	babybird\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're gorgeous\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	babyface\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and our feelings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time i close my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire & rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the cool in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grown & sexy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how come, how long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just my imagination (with gwyneth paltrow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love makes things happen (with pebbles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kinda girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never keeping secrets\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  56	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	babyface\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never keepng secrets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry for the stupid things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tender lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day that you gave me a son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there she goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is for the love in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when can i see you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when your body gets weak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whip appeal\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	babylon zoo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spaceman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	babys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back on my feet again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time i think of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head first\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	isn't it time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	babyshambles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	albion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delivery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	janie jones\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baccara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moonlight shadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes sir, i can boogie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bacharach, burt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	god give me strength (with elvis costello)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never fall in love again (with elvis costello)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toledo (with elvis costello)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  57	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bachelors, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	charmaine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my diane\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bachman, tal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's so high\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bachman-turner overdrive\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll on down the highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	takin' care of business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you ain't seen nothing yet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bacilos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caraluna\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	backbeat band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	backstreet boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i have to give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anywhere for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys will be boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crawling back to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drowning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody (backstreet's back)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime i close my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get another boyfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey mr. dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how did i fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i promise you\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  58	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	backstreet boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want it that way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never break your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never break your heart (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	incomplete\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inconsolable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just want you to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	larger than life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect fan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quit playing games with my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shape of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shining star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me the meaning of being lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we've got it going on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bad brains\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pay to cum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	re-ignition\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bad company\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad company\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel like making love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good lovin' gone bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holy water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	movin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready for love\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  59	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bad company\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock 'n' roll fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock steady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run with the pack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seagull\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shooting star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver, blue & gold\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bad english\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	price of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i see you smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bad manners\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	buona sara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	special brew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy bear's picnic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking in the sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bad meets evil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	light (with bruno mars)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lighters (with bruno mars)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bad religion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	21st century (digital boy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck armageddon... this is hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	generator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to conquer the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	infected\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorrow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	badenough, boris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey rocky! (bullwinkle rap)\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  60	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	badfinger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come & get it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day after day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no matter what\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storm in a tea cup\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	badlands\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in a dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	badlees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angeline is coming home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	badly drawn boy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disillusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spitting in the wind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	badu, erykah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	appletree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bag lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't cha know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life (with common)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on & on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tyrone (live)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baez, joan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my trials\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	banks of the ohio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamonds & rust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	donna donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is just a four letter word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night they drove old dixie down\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  61	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	baha men\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hakuna matata\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move it like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who let the dogs out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you all dat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bailey, phillip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	easy lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy lover (with phil collins)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bailey, razzy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anywhere there's a jukebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime you cross my mind (you break my heart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's gonna fall here tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too old to play cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what time do you have to be back in heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baillie & the boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	long shot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bainbridge, merrill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mouth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baker, anita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	body & soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caught up in a rapture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	giving you the best that i got\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i apologize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just because\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same ole love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul inspiration\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  62	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	baker, anita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever it takes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you love someone (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you bring me joy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baker, bart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sexy & i'm homeless\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baker, chet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	but not for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baker, laverne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	saved\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baldry, long john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let the heartache begin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	balin, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hearts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ball, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	circle of friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look what followed me home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riding with private malone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinkin' problem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watching my baby not coming back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do you want with his love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the thought of you catches up with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ball, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one step out of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with one look\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ballard, hank & the midnighters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	finger poppin' time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ballard, roger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you can't get there from here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ballas, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hotwire\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  63	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	baloche, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	open the eyes of my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baltimora\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tarzan boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bananarama\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bananarama medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cruel summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i heard a rumor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't what you do it's the way that you do it (with fun boy three)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love in the first degree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	na na hey hey kiss him goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nathan jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	robert de niro's waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shy boy (don't it make you feel good)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	venus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	band aid\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do they know it's christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	band of horses\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cigaretttes, wedding bands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is there a ghost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one's gonna love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the funeral\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the great salt lake\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	band perry, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i die young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	postcard from paris\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back to memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chest fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is a carnival\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  64	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ophelia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rag mama rag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stage fright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night they drove old dixie down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the shape i'm in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the weight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time to kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up on cripple creek\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	banderas, antonio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	these boots are made for walkin' (from shrek)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bandy, moe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	americana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	following the feeling (with judy bailey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hank williams, you wrote my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it was always so easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a cheating situation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get over them together (with becky hobbs)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's not really cheatin' (she's just gettin' even)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till i'm too old to die young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two lonely people\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bane, lazlo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	superman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bang camaro\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	night lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pleasure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock rebellion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bangles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eternal flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going down to liverpool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hazy shade of winter\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  65	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bangles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hero takes a fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if she knew what she wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manic monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk like an egyptian\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bangs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take u to da movies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bangz, kirko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drank in my cup\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	banks, azealia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	212 (with lazy jay)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	banks, heywood\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yeah toast\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	banks, lloyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beamer, benz or bentley (with juelz santana)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands up (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on fire (radio version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	banner, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amazing (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bardot, brigitte\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bonnie & clyde (with serge gainsbourg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harley davidson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	je t'aime moi non plus (with serge gainsbourg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la madrague\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le soleil de ma vie (with sacha distel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tu veux ou tu veux pas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bare, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	detroit city\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  66	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bare, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	four strong winds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	margie's at the lincoln park inn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marie laveau\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how i got to memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the jogger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mermaid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the streets of baltimore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bareilles, sara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	basket case\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between the lines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bluebird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bottle it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come round soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fairytale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna get over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gravity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on the rocks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	many the miles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morningside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one sweet love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncharted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vegas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	barenaked ladies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alcohol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another postcard (chimps)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  67	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	barenaked ladies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be my yoko ono\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big bang theory theme (the history of everything)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brian wilson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brian wilson (2000 version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call & answer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling for the first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get in line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get in line (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had a million dollars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had a million dollars (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all been done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never is enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one week\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pinch me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sell sell sell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoe box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straw hat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	testing 1 2 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old apartment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a good boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bar-kays, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freakshow on the dancefloor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul finger\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	barlow, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so help me girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	barnes & barnes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fish heads\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  68	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	barnett, mandy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've got a right to cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that's all right with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the whispering wind (blows on by)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	barrett, syd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	late night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	octopus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	barton, eileen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i knew you were comin i'd have baked a cake\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	base, rob & dj ez rock\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it takes two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joy & pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baseballs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bitch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bleeding love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california gurls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy shop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasing cars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey there delilah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot 'n cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't feel like dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love in this club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paparazzi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quit playing games (with my heart)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  69	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	baseballs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tik tok\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	torn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	umbrella\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	basement jaxx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hush boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh my gosh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plug it in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red alert\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u don't know me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where's your head at\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	basia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a new day for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miles away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time & tide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	basil, toni\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mickey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bass, fontella\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rescue me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bassey, shirley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and i love you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as he needs me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big spender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	climb every mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamonds are forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for all we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get the party started\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  70	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bassey, shirley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goldfinger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	history repeating (vs. propellerheads)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i who have nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never sing another song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll get by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me honey honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me honey, honey kiss me (cha-cha version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonraker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never never never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach for the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you for the years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my life (dance version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my life (disco version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what now my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do i begin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with these hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	basshunter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i ever wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boten anna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bells (bass)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	northern light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now you're gone\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  71	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bastille\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	laura palmer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pompeii\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bastos, j\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	loop di love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bat for lashes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daniel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon & moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pearl's dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleep alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's a girl to do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bates, jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long slow kisses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the love song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bauhaus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bela lugosi's dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel bela mashup (vs. donna summer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick in the eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passion of lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much 21st century\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	baxter, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bay city rollers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give a little love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only want to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shang-a-lang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer love sensation\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  72	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	baz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smile to shine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bb mak\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost of you & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bc-52's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bedrock twitch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet the flintstones\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beach boys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	409\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	add some music to your day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all summer long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	barbara ann\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be true to your school\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beach boys medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caroline no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catch a wave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cotton fields\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance dance dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you wanna dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't talk (put your head on my shoulder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fun, fun, fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl don't tell me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god only knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good vibrations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on to your ego\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  73	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beach boys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	help me rhonda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here today (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heroes & villians\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can hear music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just wasn't made for these times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm waiting for the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kokomo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let him run wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little deuce coupe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little saint nick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sail on sailor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sloop john b\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surfer girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surfin' safari\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surfin' u.s.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's not me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's why god made the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then i kissed her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warmth of the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wendy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i grow up to be a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wouldn't it be nice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you still believe in me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beach house\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	myth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk in the park\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  74	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beady eye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the beat goes on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the roller\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bear, edward\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	last song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beastie boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	3-minute rule\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an open letter to nyc\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b-boys makin' with the freak freak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	body movin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brass monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	car thief\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ch-check it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't play no game that i can't win (with santigold)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	egg man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight for your right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flute loop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey ladies (solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey ladies (trio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high plains drifter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold it now, hit it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	intergalactic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jimmy james\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny ryall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking down the barrel of a gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make some noise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no sleep till brooklyn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass the mic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paul revere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	posse in effect\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  75	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beastie boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	professor booty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhymin & stealin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right right now now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	root down (trio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sabotage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadrach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your rump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's crafty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow & low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so what'cha want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super disco breakin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sure shot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the move\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the new style\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sounds of science\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three mc's & 1 dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time to get ill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to all the girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	triple trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what comes around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beastwars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	red god\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beat farmers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beatfreakz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody's watching me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a day in the life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a hard day's night\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  76	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a taste of honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	abbey road medley pt 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	abbey road medley pt 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	abbey road medley pt 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	across the universe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	act naturally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't she sweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i've got to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my loving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all together now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all you need is love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and i love her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and your bird can sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anna (go to him)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any time at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ask me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby it's you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby you're a rich man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby's in black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in the u.s.s.r.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	being for the benefit of mr. kite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	besame mucho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	birthday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blackbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't buy me love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry baby cry\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  77	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	day tripper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear prudence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil in her heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dig a pony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dig it-let it be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dizzy miss lizzie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you want to know a secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doctor robert\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't bother me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't pass me by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive my car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eight days a week\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eleanor rigby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every little thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody's got something to hide except for me & my monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody's trying to be my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fixing a hole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for no one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free as a bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from me to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getting better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glass onion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden slumbers-carry that weight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good day sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good morning, good morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to get you into my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happiness is a warm gun\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  78	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helter skelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	her majesty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here, there & everywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey bulldog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey jude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hippy hippy shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me tight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the walrus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i call your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to spoil the party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel fine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i me mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw her standing there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i should have known better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to hold your hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you (she's so heavy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you (she's so heavy) (midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i fell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i needed someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll cry instead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll follow the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll get you\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  79	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm a loser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm happy just to dance with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm looking through you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm only sleeping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so tired\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it won t be long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it won't be long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've just seen a face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kansas city (hey hey hey hey!)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma in the life mashup (vs. radiohead)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	komm, gib mir deine hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady madonna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long tall sally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovely rita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucy in the sky with diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	martha my dear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maxwell's silver hammer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean mr. mustard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean mr. mustard-polythene pam-bathroom window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	michelle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money (that's what i want)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother nature's son\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  80	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my bonnie (with tony sheridan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no reply\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	norwegian wood (this bird has flown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not a second time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nowhere man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ob la di, ob la da\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh darling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old brown shoe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one after 909\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p.s. i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paperback writer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	penny lane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piggies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please mister postman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please please me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polythene pam-she came in through the bathroom window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocky raccoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll over beethoven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run for your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	savoy truffle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy sadie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she loves you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she said she said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's leaving home\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  81	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sie liebt dich\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some other guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strawberry fields forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sun king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taxman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me what you see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ballad of john & yoko\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beatles medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beatles medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beatles megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the continuing story of bungalow bill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fool on the hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the long & winding road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the magical mystery tour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the octopus' garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things we said today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think for yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ticket to ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till there was you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow never knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twist & shout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two of us (duet)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  82	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beatles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we can work it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you're doing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i get home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i'm sixty four\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while my guitar gently weeps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't we do it in the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with a little help from my friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	within you without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow submarine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yer blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't do that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know my name (look up the number)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you like me too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never give me your money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you won't see me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your mother should know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're going to lose that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got to hide your love away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've really got a hold on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beatmasters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey dj, i can't dance... (with betty boo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beats international\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dub be good to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beau brummels, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laugh laugh\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  83	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beautiful south\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't marry her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dumb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prettiest eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rotterdam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for whoever\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bebe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	malo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beck\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black tambourine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	debra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil's haircut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamond dogs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e-pro\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gamma ray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hotwax\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost cause\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ramona\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexx laws\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the new pollution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where it's at\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beck, jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't it superstitious\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beck, robin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	first time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	becker, margaret\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	say the name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this i know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beckham, victoria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let your head go\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  84	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beckham, victoria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not such an innocent girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beddingfield, eric lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	great depression\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bedingfield, daniel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	friday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta get thru this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't read you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're not the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	james dean (i wanna know)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing hurts like love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrap my words around you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bedingfield, natasha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i bruise easily\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna have your babies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pocketful of sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	single\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soulmate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unwritten\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bedouin soundclash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when the night feels my song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bedrock\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young money (with lloyd)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bee gees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and the sun will shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie child\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  85	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bee gees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't forget to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't throw it all away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e.s.p.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fanny (be tender with my love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fanny be tender with my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first of may\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for whom the bell tolls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how can you mend a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how deep is your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't see nobody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could not love you more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotta get outta this place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i started a joke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i.o.i.o.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i.o.i.o. (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i can't have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	immortality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	islands in the stream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've gotta get a message to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jive talkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love so right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you inside out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	massachusetts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	melody fair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york mining disaster 1941\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nights on broadway\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  86	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bee gees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only one woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ordinary lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paying the price of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saved by the bell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spicks & specks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stayin' alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still waters run deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bee gees boogie medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world (is round)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is where i came in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to love somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tragedy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wedding day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you still love me tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you should be dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you should be dancing (voguebeats dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you win again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beenie man\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feel it boy (with janet jackson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bega, lou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mambo no. 5\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet like cola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tricky, tricky\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  87	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bel biv devoe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something in your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	belafonte, harry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coconut woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day-o (the banana boat song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hava nagila\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	island in the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jamaica farewell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump in the line (shake shake)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	belinda & nigga\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	te quiero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bell & james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	livin' it up (friday night)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bell biv devoe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gangsta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bell, archie & the drells\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tighten up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bell, benny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shaving cream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bell, drake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	makes me happy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bellamy brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bubba\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you love as good as you look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ex-files\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' the feelin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could be persuaded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need more of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i said you have a beautiful body\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  88	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bellamy brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let your love flow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old hippie christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a summer night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	redneck girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old hippie (the sequel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we dared the lightning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i'm away from you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	worlds greatest lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world's greatest lover\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	belle & sebastian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dress up in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funny little frog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the blues are still blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrapped up in books\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	belle stars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	clapping song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	belle stars, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	iko iko\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sign of the times\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	belle, regina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a whole new world (with peabo bryson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	after the love has lost it's shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby, come to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could it be i'm falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't i blow your mind this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurry up this way again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me make love to you\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  89	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	belle, regina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love t.k.o.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it like it was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the whole town's laughing at me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel brand new\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bells, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay awhile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	belly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feed the tree\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beloved, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet harmony\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ben folds five\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	army\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	battle of who could care less\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one angry dwarf & 200 solemn faces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for the dumped\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still fighting it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ben l'oncle soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barbie girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i kissed a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	otherside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say you'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven nation army\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	benassi, benny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cinema (with gary go)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy song\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  90	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	benassi, benny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	satisfaction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfaction (radio edit)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	benatar, pat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all fired up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire & ice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell is for children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helter skelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit me with your best shot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna follow you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invincible (legend of billie jean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for a stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a battlefield\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex as a weapon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadows of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treat me right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we belong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we live for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you better run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	benet, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	harriett jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay it down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes i cry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bennett, tony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a foggy day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of you\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  91	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bennett, tony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alright, ok, you win (with diana krall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	body & soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change partners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days of wine & roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emily\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firefly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly me to the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	folks who live on the hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for once in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you keep the music playing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i left my heart in san francisco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be seeing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a sin to tell a lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my funny valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york state of mind (with billy joel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old devil moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rags to riches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reaching for the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steppin' out with my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger in paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the good life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the shadow of your smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world (with kd lang)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are you afraid of\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why do people fall in love\par
\pard\sb290\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  92	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	benson, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give me the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady love me (one more time)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love ballad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ghetto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greatest love of all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this masquerade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn your love around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	benson, rhian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	say how i feel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bentley, dierks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come a little closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free & easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how am i doin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lot of leavin' left to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	settle for a slowdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trying to stop your leaving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what was i thinkin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bentley, stephanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heart half empty (with ty herndon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	benton, brook\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a house is not a home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby (you've got what it takes) (with dinah washington)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boll weevil song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endlessly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's just a matter of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy night in georgia\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  93	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bereal, lonny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	favor (with kelly rowland)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	berg, matraca\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in the saddle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	won't let go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	berlin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	masquerade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex (i'm a...)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my breath away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the metro\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bernard, crystal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't touch me there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever tonight (with peter cetera)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	berry, chuck\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost grown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in the usa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown eyed handsome man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny b. goode\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybellene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my ding-a-ling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no particular place to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reelin' & rockin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll over beethoven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	route\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	route 66\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run rudolph run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	school days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet little sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never can tell\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  94	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	berry, dave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crying game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	berry, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better than a biscuit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time my heart calls your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how much do you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think about it all the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had any pride left at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me in the car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is for giving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over my shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power windows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's taken a shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing on the edge of goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's in it for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & only you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love amazes me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bertrand, plastic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	\uc2\u231\'E7\'00a plane pour moi\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beta band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dry the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	better than ezra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desperately wanting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extra ordinary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	juicy\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  95	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	better than ezra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	king of new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more murder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosealia\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	betty blowtorch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	diarrhea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm ugly & i don't know why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	betty boo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doin' the do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey dj, i can't dance... (with beatmasters)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me take you there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beu sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anytime you need a friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beware of darkness\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	howl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1+1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful liar (with shakira)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best thing i never had\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken-hearted girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check on it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check on it (with slim thug)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	countdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy in love (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dangerously in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deja vu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deja vu (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disappear\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  96	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ego\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flaws & all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get me bodied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were a boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	irreplaceable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay up under me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me, myself & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naughty girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party (with j cole)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party (with kanye west & andre 3000)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put it in a love song (with keys, alicia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	resentment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring the alarm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run the world (girls)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	single ladies (put a ring on it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speechless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still in love (kissing you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone (with lady gaga)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the closer i get to you (with luther vandross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the end of time (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  97	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	upgrade u (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	video phone (with lady gaga)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work it out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bianco, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get out of your lazy bed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bice, bo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the real thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vehicle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bieber, justin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all around the world (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as you love me (with big sean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty & a beat (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to be somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boyfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chestnuts roasting on an open fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	die in your arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eenie meenie (with sean paul)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fa la la (with boyz II men)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mistletoe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never say never (with jaden smith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one less lonely girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa claus is coming to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that should be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn to you\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  98	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bieber, justin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	u smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big & rich\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	8th of november\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big time (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deadwood mountain (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holy water (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i play chicken with the train (with cowboy troy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick my a-s (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live this life (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never mind me (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin' (the ballad of big & rich) (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin' (the ballad of big & rich) (rap version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save a horse (ride a cowboy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save a horse (ride a cowboy) (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	six foot town (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild west show (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big audio dynamite\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	e=mc2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock with the caveman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big audio dynamite II\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rush\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big bad voodoo daddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big time operator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mambo swing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & me & the bottle makes 3\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big bopper, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chantilly lace\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big country\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fields of fire (400 miles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a big country\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  99	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	big country\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	king of emotion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big daddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my heart will go on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big daddy weave & barlow girl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're worthy of my praise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big head todd & the monsters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bittersweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken hearted savior\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big house\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	faith\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big k. r. i. t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cool 2 be southern\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sub, part 2 the jackin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big k.r.i.t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	live from the underground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rich dad, poor dad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big mountain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i love your way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get together\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big pun\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't wanna be a player\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big sean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance (ass) (remix) (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	big time rush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any kind of guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boyfriend (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	famous\par
\pard\sb307\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  100	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	big tymers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh yeah (with tateeze, gotti & boo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still fly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	biggun, ivor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i have a dog, his name is rover\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bikini kill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rebel girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bilal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	billie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she wants you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bingham, ryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the weary kind (from crazy heart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weary kind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	birdman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop bottles (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuntin' like my daddy (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	birdy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1901\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people help the people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skinny love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	terrible love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the a team\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	birkin, jane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	'69 ann\uc2\u233\'E9\'00e \uc2\u233\'E9\'00rotique (with serge gainsbourg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amour des feintes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	je t'aime moi non plus (with serge gainsbourg)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	birthday massacre, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think we're alone now\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  101	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	birthday massacre, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	looking glass\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bishop, elvin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fooled around & fell in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bishop, stephen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it might be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on & on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save it for a rainy day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bj\uc2\u246\'F6\'00rk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all is full of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	army of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bachelorette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big time sensuality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	declare independence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	earth intruders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human behavior\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hyper-ballad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's oh so quiet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've seen it all (with thom yorke)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oceania\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	violently happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who is it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blacc, aloe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	green lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a dollar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you is killing me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black box\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody, everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride on time\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  102	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	black box\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	strike it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black crowes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go faster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good friday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to handle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealous again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kicking my heart around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lickin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remedy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seeing things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she talks to angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul singing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twice as hard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black eyed peas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boom boom pow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do what you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't phunk with my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop the party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotta feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imma be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just can't get enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get it started\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me halfway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my humps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pump it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	request line (with macy gray)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  103	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	black eyed peas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock that body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the time (dirty bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is the love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is the love (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black flag\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gimmie gimmie gimmie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nervous breakdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	police story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tv party\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black grape\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the name of the father\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black keys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dearest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold on the ceiling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	howlin' for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be your man (theme from hung)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little black submarines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run right back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tighten up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black kids\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hurricane jane\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black label society\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blessed hellride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stillborn\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  104	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	black lace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	agadoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do the conga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gang bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the music man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	penny arcade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superman (gioca jouer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wig wam bam\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black light burns\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black machine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how gee\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black oak arkansas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot & nasty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jim dandy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black rebel motorcycle club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	berlin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel it now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weapon of choice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black rob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad boy for life (with puff daddy & mark curry)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoa!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black sabbath\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black sabbath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	changes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric funeral\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fairies wear boots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven & hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into the void\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	iron man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	n.i.b.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paranoid\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  105	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	black sabbath\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	planet caravan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sabbath bloody sabbath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snowblind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet leaf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mob rules\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wizard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war pigs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black sheep\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	strobelite honey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black, china\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	searching\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black, cilla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're my world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black, clint\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a better man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a good run of bad luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad goodbye (with wynonna judd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	been there (with steve wariner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn one down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desperado\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drinkin' songs & other logic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half the man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half way up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i raq & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killin' time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life gets away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loosen up my strings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love she can't live without\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  106	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	black, clint\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	loving blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money or love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my imagination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightlife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no time to kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin' but the taillights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing's news\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more payment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put yourself in my shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something that we do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spend my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still holding on (with martina mcbride)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer's comin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the shoes you're wearing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the strong one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till santa's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we tell ourselves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i said i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when my ship comes in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wherever you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't need me now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black, frances\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	headache\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  107	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	black, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	los angeles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	black, rebecca\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	friday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friday (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blackberry smoke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good one comin' on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blackbyrds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walking in rhythm\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blackfoot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	highway song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	train, train\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blackhawk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost a memory now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big guitar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days of america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in flames\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every once in a while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye says it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you all the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i sure can smell the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not strong enough to say no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like there ain't no yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	postmarked birmingham\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's just about right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there you have it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your own little corner of my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blackout allstars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like it like that\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  108	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blackstreet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before i let you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	booti call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't leave me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no diggity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no diggity (edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me there (with mya)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight's the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blades, ruben\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	decisiones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ligia elena (salsa)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blaine, marcie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bobby's girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blair\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	have fun, go mad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blake, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	limit to your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blanchard, jack & misty morgan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you've got your troubles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bland, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turn on your love light\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blaque\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring it all to me (with nsync)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blassie, freddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pencil neck geek\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blasters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm shakin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blessid union of souls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey leonardo (she likes me for me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me be the one\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  109	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blessid union of souls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh virginia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing at the edge of the earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the girl i've been telling you about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the light in your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blige, mary j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	911 (with wyclef jean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't no way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep inside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hood love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is all we need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love no limit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary's joint\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mjb da mvp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more drama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not gon' cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not gon' cry (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one (with u2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy dayz (with ja rule)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember me (with t.i.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to love me (naked) (with puff daddy & lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the living proof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one (with drake)\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  110	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blige, mary j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you don't have to worry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gotta believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you remind me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blind faith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't find my way home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blind melon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	galaxie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skinned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three is a magic number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toes across the floor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blindside\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pitiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleepwalking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blink 182\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adam's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	after midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	aliens exist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the small things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anthem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boxing day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck a dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first date\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going away to college\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man overboard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reckless abandon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay together for the kids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rock show\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  111	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blink 182\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what's my age again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bloc party\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	banquet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flux\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helicopter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hunting for witches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i still remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like eating glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luno\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercury\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pioneers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two more years\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blondie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	atomic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blondie medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	denis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreaming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forgive and forget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	french kissin' in the u.s.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hanging on the telephone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want that man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm always touched by your presence dear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the flesh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	island of lost souls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing is real but the girl\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  112	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blondie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one way or another\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	picture this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rapture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rip her to shreds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tide is high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	union city blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	x-offender\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blood, sweat & tears\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and when i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go down gambling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god bless the child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hi de ho (that old sweet roll)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't quit her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you more than you'll ever know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucretia mac evil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spinning wheel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've made me so very happy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bloodhound gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lap dance is so much better...\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	along comes mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another d-ck with no balls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coo coo ca choo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire water burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foxtrot uniform charlie kilo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope you die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bad touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ballad of chasey lain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the inevitable return of the great white dope\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  113	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bloodhound gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	three point one four (the vagina song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uhn tiss uhn tiss uhn tiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're pretty when i'm drunk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bloodstone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	natural high\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bloom, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	montego bay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blow monkeys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	digging your scene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it doesn't have to be this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't own me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blow, kurtis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	basketball\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blow, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pardon me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parentheses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pile of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the big u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true affection\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all rise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bubblin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	curtain falls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get down on it (with lil' kim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guilty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you come back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signed, sealed, delivered, i'm yours (with stevie wonder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u make me wanna\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  114	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blue diamonds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ramona\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue magic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sideshow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue man group\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hamster dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing along (with dave matthews)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue october\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hate me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue oyster cult\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burnin' for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't fear the reaper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	godzilla\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then came the last of may\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue rodeo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	5 days in may\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad timing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hasn't hit me yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head over heels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain down on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	til i am myself again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	til i gain control again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue swede\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hooked on a feeling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blue system\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sorry little sarah\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bluebells, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young at heart\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  115	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blues brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i got everything i need) almost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blues brothers medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from the bottom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme some lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going back to miami\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	groove me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guilty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jailhouse rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	messin' with the kid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riders in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riot in cell block #9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubber biscuit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your tail feather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blues image\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ride captain ride\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blues magoos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(we ain't got) nothin yet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blues traveler\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	but anyway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carolina blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hook\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	most precarious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	optimistic thought\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run around (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bluetones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after hours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slight return\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  116	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blunt, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1973\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carry you home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye my lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same mistake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so long jimmy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears & rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wisemen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're beautiful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blur\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beetlebum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bugman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	charmless man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coffee & tv\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of a century\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls + boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	m.o.r. (road version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music is my radar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no distance left to run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parklife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stereotypes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the universal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's no other way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is a low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to the end (french)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the westway\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  117	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	blur\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're so great\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	blush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all stars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	b-movie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nowhere girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bob & tom band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blow me a kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buzz buzz (the vibrator song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prisoner of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bob the builder\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blond haired girl in a hard hat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can we fix it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crocodile rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mambo no. 5\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right tool for the job\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super spud\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bobbettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. lee\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bobby fuller four\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i fought the law\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bocelli, andrea\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ama credi e vai\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amapola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ave maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because we believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	besame mucho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	canzoni stonate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cuando me enamoro\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jurame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'appuntamento\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  118	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bocelli, andrea\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	les feuilles mortes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mi manchi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pero te extrano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solamente una vez\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somos novios\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the prayer (with celine dion)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time to say goodbye (con te partir\uc2\u243\'F3\'00) (with sarah brightman)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bodeens, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closer to free\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bofill, angela\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you should know by now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bogguss, suzy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cross my broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive south\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from where i stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me some wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey cinderella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like the weather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep mom & dad in love (with billy dean & jillian)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letting go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody love, nobody gets hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outbound plane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she said, he heard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	souvenirs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wouldn't say that to a stranger\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  119	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bolton, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a love so beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back on my feet again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i touch you there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	completely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgia on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how am i supposed to live without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how can we be lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i found someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a wonderful thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	safe place from the storm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	said i loved you but i lied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul provider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steel bars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what love is all about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time, love & tenderness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a man loves a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you send me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wouldn't know love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bomb the bass\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bug powder dust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't make me wait\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bombay bicycle club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ghost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ivy & gold\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bomshel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country music love song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bon iver\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	holocene\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  120	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bon iver\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	skinny love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bon jovi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all about loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad medicine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bed of roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blaze of glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to be my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there for you (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in & out of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in these arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my life (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my life (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep the faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay your hands on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lie to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' on a prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' on a prayer (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight in chelsea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misunderstood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one wild night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper planes dead or alive mashup (vs. m.i.a.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please come home for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raise your hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real life\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  121	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bon jovi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say it isn't so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleep when i'm dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday i'll be saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something for the pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superman tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you for loving me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ain't a love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanted dead or alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we weren't born to follow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we were beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who says you can't go home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who says you can't go home (with sugarland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you give love a bad name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you want to make a memory\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bonamassa, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if heartaches were nickels\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bonamy, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i do is love her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't think i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got a mind of her own\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bonds, gary ''u.s.''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a quarter to three\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bone thugs-n-harmony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1st of tha month\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crossroads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crossroads (original mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foe tha love of $\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  122	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bone thugs-n-harmony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i tried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thuggish ruggish bone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boney m\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	belfast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boney m medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boney m megamix (female solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown girl in the ring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy cool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ma baker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary's boy child-oh my lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no woman no cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rasputin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rivers of babylon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bonham, tracy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mother, mother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bonoff, karla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	standing right next to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you believed in me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boo radleys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barney & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up boo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boogie down productions\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	south bronx\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boomkat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the wreckoning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boomtown rats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't like mondays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rat trap\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  123	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	boone, debby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you on the road to lovin' me again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you light up my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boone, pat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	april love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beyond the sunset\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't forbid me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exodus song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friendly persuasion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i almost lost my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love letters in the sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moody river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember you're mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speedy gonzalez\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we wish you a merry christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	booty luv\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie 2nite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bosson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we live\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boston\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a man i'll never be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amanda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking up is hard to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't look back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hitch a ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me take you home tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than a feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  124	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	boston\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	peace of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smokin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're ready\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boulay, isabelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	besame mucho\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bouncing souls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gasoline\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bow wow wow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c30, c60, c90, go!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you wanna hold me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go wild in the country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want candy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bowersox, crystal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	up to the mountain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bowie, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1984\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	absolute beginners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the madmen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the young dudes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amsterdam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an occasional dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	andy warhol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as the world falls down (from labyrinth)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ashes to ashes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty & the beast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big brother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black country rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black tie, white noise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue jean\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  125	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bowie, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boys keep swinging\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cactus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candidate ('73 demo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cat people (putting out the fire)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	changes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	china girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	china girl (literal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cygnet committe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	d.j.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance magic dance (from labyrinth)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing in the street (with mick jagger)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day in day out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead man walking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamond dogs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive-in saturday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eight line poem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fashion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fill your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god knows i'm good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallo spaceboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on to yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't read\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm afraid of americans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm deranged\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jean genie\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  126	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bowie, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	john, i'm only dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump they say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock on wood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kooks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady grinning soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady stardust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laughing gnome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letter to hermione\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life on mars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life on mars (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look back in anger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you till tuesday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving the alien\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memory of a free festival\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memory of a free festival (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonage daydream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never get old\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh you pretty things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pablo picasso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	panic in detroit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace on earth-little drummer boy (with bing crosby)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quicksand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebel rebel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll suicide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scary monsters & super creeps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she'll drive the big car\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  127	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bowie, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	slow burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something in the air\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for bob dylan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sound & vision (808 mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sound and vision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space oddity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	station to station\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strangers when we meet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suffragette city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	survive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bewlay brothers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the dreamers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the london boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man who sold the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the prettiest star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the pretty things are going to hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stars (are out tonight)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the supermen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the width of a circle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wild-eyed boy from freecloud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is not america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thursday's child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try some, buy some\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tvc15\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncle arthur\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under pressure\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  128	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bowie, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	under pressure (with queen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underground (from labyrinth)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underground (labyrinth)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unwashed & somewhat slightly dazed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we prick you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i live my dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are we now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild is the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	word on a wing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young americans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ziggy stardust\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bowling for soup\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1985\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	almost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high school never ends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turbulence\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bowman, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wildwood weed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	box tops, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry like a baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little latin lupe lu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neon rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet cream ladies, forward march\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the letter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boxcar racer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i feel so\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boy george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bow down mister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything i own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sold\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  129	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	boy george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody to love me (with mark ronson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crying game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boy howdy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bigger fish to fry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she can't love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she'd give anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they don't make 'em like that anymore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boy krazy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that's what love can do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boy meets girl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	waiting for a star to fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boyce avenue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bleeding love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faithfully\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firework\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glad you came\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jumper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rolling in the deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skyscraper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	umbrella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we found love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with or without you (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with or without you (male solo)\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  130	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	boyce, tommy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wonder what she's doing tonight (with bobby hart)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boyce, tommy & bobby hart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wonder what she's doing tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boyd, alex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wish i knew\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boyle, susan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i dreamed a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild horses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boys don't cry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna be a cowboy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boys like girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	great escape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart heart heartbreak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hero-heroine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love drunk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunder\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dial my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boystown gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't take my eyes off you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boyz II men\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4 seasons of loneliness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a song for mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't make you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will get there (from prince of egypt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll make love to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the still of the night (i'll remember)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	its so hard to say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than you'll ever know (with charlie wilson)\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  131	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	boyz II men\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	motown philly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on bended knee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one sweet day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one sweet day (with mariah carey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass you by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slowly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you in advance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the color of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vibin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	visions of a sunset\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	water runs dry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you won't do for love (with mc lyte)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	boyzone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all that i need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arms of mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby can i hold you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming home now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	different beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father & son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love the way you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	isn't it a wonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me for a reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no matter what\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the going gets tough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  132	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brady bunch, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's a sunshine day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time to change\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bragg, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new england\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexuality\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	braids, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bohemian rhapsody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bran van 3000\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drinking in l.a.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	branch, michelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all you wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you happy now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm feeling you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the game of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till i get over you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brand new\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sic transit gloria... glory fades\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brand new heavies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dream on dreamer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnite at the oasis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brandt, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a beautiful thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little in love\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  133	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brandt, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my heart has a history\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's come over you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brandy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	afrodisiac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	almost doesn't count\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel in disguise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another day in paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another day in paradise (with ray j.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brokenhearted (with wanya morris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i tried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long distance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put it down (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here (departed)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sittin' up in my room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk about our love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boy is mine (with monica)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	top of the world (with mase)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u don't know me (like u used to)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what about us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wildest dreams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	branigan, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	didn't we almost win it all\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  134	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	branigan, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gloria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how am i supposed to live without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	self control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solitaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lucky one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brave, dick & the backbeats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take good care of my baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bravery, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honest mistake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unconditional\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	braxton, toni\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	7 whole days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another sad love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on over here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he wasn't man enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how could an angel break my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how many ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it flow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love shoulda brought you home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbreak my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbreak my heart (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why should i care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you mean the world to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're making me high\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bread\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aubrey\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  135	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bread\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i'm a want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down on my knees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything i own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guitar man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it don't matter to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let your love go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost without your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	break originals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moves like jabba (maroon 5 parody)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	breakfast club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	right on track\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	breaking benjamin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diary of jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will not bow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lights out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sooner or later\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	breathe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hands to heaven\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  136	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	breathe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how can i fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	breathe carolina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blackout\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	breeders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cannonball\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	breen, ann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too ra loo ral (irish lullaby)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	breezer, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	venus and mars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brel, jacques\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amsterdam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	au suivant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bruxelle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ces gens-la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la chanson de jacky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la chanson des vieux amants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la fanette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la quete\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la valse a mille temps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le moribond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les bonbons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les bourgeois\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les flamandes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les vieux\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	madeleine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mathilde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ne me quitte pas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on n'oublie rien\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quand ont n'a que l'amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	un enfant\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  137	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brel, jacques\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	une valse a mille temps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vesoul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voir un ami pleurer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bremers, beverly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't say you don't remember\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brewer & shipley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one toke over the line\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brewer, teresa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	music music music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brian setzer orchestra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	americano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie woogie santa claus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump jive an' wail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nosey joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pennsylvania 6-5000\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock this town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	route 66\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the house is rockin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this cat's on a hot tin roof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the boss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the boss (with gwen stefani)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brice, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she ain't right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dazz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brickell, edie & the new bohemians\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what i am\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  138	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brickman, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all these years (with anita cochran)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by heart (with laura creamer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	destiny (with jordan hill & billy porter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life (with michael w. smith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never far away (with rush of fools)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple things (with rebecca lynn howard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valentine (with martina mcbride)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love (with michelle wright)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bridges, alicia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love the nightlife\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bridgewater, dee dee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's do it (let's fall in love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brightman, sarah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i ask of you (with cliff richard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deliver me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time to say goodbye (con te partir\uc2\u243\'F3\'00) (with andrea bocelli)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	british whale\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this town ain't big enough for the both of us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	britt, catherine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	where we both say goodbye (with elton john)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	broadcast\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black cat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brock, chad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	evangeline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lightning does the work\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ordinary life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me how\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	broken bells\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	an easy life\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  139	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	broken bells\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	high road\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brokop, lisa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't enough roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before he kissed me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me a ring sometime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of those nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she can't save him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you get to be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who needs you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bronski beat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hit that perfect beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smalltown boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brook brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	warpaint\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brooklyn bridge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the worst that could happen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brooks & dunn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a few good rides away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a man this lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	against the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't nothing 'bout you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer thirty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boot scootin' boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brand new man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool drink of water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	folsom prison blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god must be busy\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  140	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brooks & dunn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good girls go to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard workin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbroke out of my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's got you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hillbilly deluxe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how long gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	husbands & wives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am that man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't put out this fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if that's the way you want it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you see him, if you see her (with reba mcentire)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never forgive my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm no good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's getting better all the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny cash junkie (buck owens freak)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little miss honky tonk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost & found\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mexican minutes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart is lost to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my next broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neon moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only in america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our time is coming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play something country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud of the house we built\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride 'em high, ride 'em low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock my world (little country girl)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she used to be mine\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  141	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brooks & dunn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's not the cheatin' kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's the kind of trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	south of santa fe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take these chains from my heart (with lee roy parnell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas women (don't stay lonely long)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that ain't no way to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what it's all about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the long goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll burn that bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey under the bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why would i say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't take the honky tonk out of the girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll always be loved by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're gonna miss me when i'm gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brooks, elkie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lilac wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more the fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pearls a singer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brooks, garth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	against the grain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't goin' down (til the sun comes up)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american honky-tonk bar association\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer run (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burnin' the roadhouse down (with steve wariner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	callin' baton rouge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboy cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboys & angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dixie chicken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do what you gotta do\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  142	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brooks, garth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't cross the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every now & then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	face to face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fishin' in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends in low places\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good ride cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard luck woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how you ever gonna know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if tomorrow never comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if tomorrow never comes (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in another's eyes (with trisha yearwood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's midnight cinderella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kickin' & screamin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	learning to live again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome dove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	longneck bottle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will always win (with trisha yearwood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than a memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	much too young (to feel this damn old)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not counting you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa loved mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pushing up daisies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rodeo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rodeo or mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same old story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa looked a lot like daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shameless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's every woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's gonna make it\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  143	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brooks, garth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somewhere other than the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	squeeze me in (with trisha yearwood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing outside the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tearin' it up (& burnin' it down)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that girl is a cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that ol' wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beaches of cheyenne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night i called the old man out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the red strokes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the thunder rolls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thicker than blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to make you feel my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two of a kind (workin' on a full house)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two pi\uc2\u241\'F1\'00a coladas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unanswered prayers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we shall be free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what she's doing now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatcha gonna do with a cowboy (with chris ledoux)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why ain't i running\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild as the wind (with trisha yearwood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wolves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	workin' for a livin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrapped up in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you move me\par
\pard\sb290\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  144	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brooks, garth (as chris gaines)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it don't matter to the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brooks, mel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's good to be the king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brooks, meredith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b-tch (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay down (candles in the rain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what would happen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brookstein, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	against all odds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bros\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i owe you nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will i be famous\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brother cane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and fools shine on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fools shine on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got no shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i lie in the bed i make\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	machete\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voice of eujena\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brother phelps\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eagle over angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ever changing woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brotherhood of man\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angelo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	figaro\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sweet rosalie\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  145	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brotherhood of man\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	save your kisses for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	united we stand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brothers four\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	green green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green leaves of summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	greenfields\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	michael row your boat ashore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven daffodils\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where have all the flowers gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow bird\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brothers johnson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stomp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strawberry letter #23\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't be cruel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every little step\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hangin' around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my prerogative\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on our own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roni\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thug lovin' (with ja rule)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two can play at that game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calypso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deuces (with tyga & kevin mccall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't judge me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  146	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brown, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gimme that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can transform ya (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss kiss (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladies love me (with justin bieber)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at me now (with busta rhymes & lil wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next 2 you (with justin bieber)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no air (with jordin sparks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poppin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shawty get loose (with lil' mama & t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she ain't you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strip (with kevin mccall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till i die (with big sean & wiz khalifa)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn up the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wall to wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yeah 3x\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yo (excuse me miss)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, cooter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pure bred redneck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, havana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we run the night (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, horace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one for the money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, ian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all ablaze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	illegal attacks (with sinead o'connor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my star\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  147	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brown, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funky president (people it's bad)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get up offa that thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot pants pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got the feelin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got the feelin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you (i feel good)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll go crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a man's man's man's world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa don't take no mess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa's got a brand new bag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please, please, please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prisoner of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say it loud, i'm black & i'm proud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex machine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, jim ed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't want to have to marry you (with helen cornelius)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just for old time's sake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop a top\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, jocelyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody else's guy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, joe & the bruvvers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a picture of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what love will do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, julie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another drunk chick (ke$ha parody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homecoming queen's got a gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a video (medusa)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party in my pants-vague\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  148	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brown, junior\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my wife thinks you're dead\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cryin' lovin' leavin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, roy ''chubby''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey santa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who the f-ck is alice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, sam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, scott wesley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this little child\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, shannon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i lied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untangle my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, shawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rappin' duke\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, t. graham\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	darlene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go out (with tanya tucker)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go to strangers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy ever after\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell & high water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i tell it like it used to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish that i could hurt that way again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memphis women & chicken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never in a million tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wine into water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brown, vv\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shark in the water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	browne, jackson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boulevard\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  149	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	browne, jackson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cocaine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doctor my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the tears again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lawyers in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me (with timothy b. schmidt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	load-out stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love needs a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my problem is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing but time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me on the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running on empty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shaky town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shape of a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tender is the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the pretender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you love the thunder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're a friend of mine (with clarence clemons)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	browne, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funking for jamaica\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	browns, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scarlet ribbons (for her hair)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old lamplighter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the three bells\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  150	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	brownstone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brownsville station\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smokin' in the boys room\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bruce, ed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ever, never lovin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls, women & ladies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last cowboy song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my first taste of texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the best break this old heart ever had\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	brutha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't get enough\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bryan, luke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we rode in trucks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know jack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bryson, peabo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a whole new world (with regina belle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty & the beast (with celine dion)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by the time this night is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you stop the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how wonderful we are (with lea salonga)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if ever you're in my arms again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i celebrate my love (with roberta flack)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bubl\uc2\u233\'E9\'00, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a song for you (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best is yet to come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beyond the sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call me irresponsible\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  151	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bubl\uc2\u233\'E9\'00, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't buy me love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come fly with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comin' home baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy little thing called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of may\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feeling good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foggy day (in london town)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for once in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frosty the snowman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grown-up christmas list\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have yourself a merry little christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haven't met you yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holly jolly christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how can you mend a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how sweet it is error\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it had better be tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got the world on a string\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got you under my skin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kissing a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mack the knife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & mrs. jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moondance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more i see you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nice and easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh marie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your head on my shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quando, quando, quando\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  152	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bubl\uc2\u233\'E9\'00, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	santa claus is coming to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the last dance for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck in the middle with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you look tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try a little tenderness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never find another love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buchanan brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	medicine man, pt1\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buckcherry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the movies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lit up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	porno star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too drunk...\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bucketheads, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the bomb (these sounds fall into my mind)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buckingham, lindsey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	countdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  153	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	buckinghams, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey baby (they're playing our song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kind of a drag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercy mercy mercy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	susan\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buckley, jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	corpus christi carol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lilac wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover you should've come over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mojo pin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so real\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buckner & garcia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pac-man fever\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bucks fizz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	land of make believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my camera never lies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buckwheat boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	peanut butter jelly time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	budgie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	napoleon bona part 1 & 2\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buena, mutya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	b-boy baby (with amy winehouse)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a little bit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is not real love (with george michael)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buffalo springfield\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for what it's worth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sit down, i think i love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buffett, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lot to drink about\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  154	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	buffett, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a pirate looks at forty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful swimmers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boat drinks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buffett hotel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	changes in latitudes, changes in attitudes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheeseburger in paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas island\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fruitcakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grapefruit-juicy fruit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he went to paris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ho ho ho & a bottle of rum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's five o'clock somewhere (with alan jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jamaica mistaica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's short call now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livingston saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	margaritaville\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mele kalikimaka\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody from nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pencil thin mustache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piece of work (with toby keith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhumba man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	son of a son of a sailor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	souvenirs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summerzcoolz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surfing in a hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tin cup chalace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trip around the sun (with martina mcbride)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn up the heat and chill the rose\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  155	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	buffett, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	volcano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are the people our parents warned us about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we learned to be cool from you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't we get drunk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buggles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	video killed the radio star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bullens, cindy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freddy my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's raining on prom night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bullet for my valentine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hand of blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty on the outside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream aim fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears don't fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your betrayal (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bulletboys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smooth up in ya\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bunton, emma\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crickets sing for anamaria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my breath away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what took you so long\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burke, alexandra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elephant (with erick morillo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burke, keni\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	risin to the top\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burke, solomon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry to me\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  156	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	burnette, dorsey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(there was a) tall oak tree\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burnette, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreamin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're sixteen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burnham, bo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	art is dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nerds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burning sensations\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pablo picasso\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burns, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wish i was eighteen again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burrington, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	must be doin' something right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	burton, julia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what a woman wants\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bus boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the boys are back in town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	comedown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything zen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glycerine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glycerine medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	greedy fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letting the cables sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	machinehead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people that we love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swallowed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chemicals between us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sound of winter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warm machine\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  157	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	bush, kate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	army dreamers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	babooshka\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cloudbusting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't give up (with peter gabriel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eat the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	experiment IV\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hammer horror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hounds of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	infant kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love and anger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh england my lionheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubberband girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running up that hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sensual world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	symphony in blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man with the child in his eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this woman's work\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wuthering heights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bush, stan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the touch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bush, terry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	maybe tomorrow (littlest hobo theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	busted\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	3am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	air hostess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crashed the wedding\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  158	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	busted\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nerdy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleeping with the light on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage kicks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that thing you do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunderbirds are go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i go to school for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's david\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	year 3000\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you said no\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	butler, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what's the use of breaking up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	butthole surfers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boiled dove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pepper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who was in my room last night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	butts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wiggle drip\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buuren, armin van\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not giving up on love (with sophie ellis bextor)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	buzzcocks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ever fallen in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do i get\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	b'witched\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'est la vie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollercoaster\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	bygraves, max\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gilly gilly ossenfeffer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	byrd, tracy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4 to 1 in atlanta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a good way to get on my bad side (with mark chesnutt)\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  159	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	byrd, tracy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't take her she's all i've got\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven in my woman's eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holdin' heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna feel that way again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm from the country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just let me be in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lifestyles of the not so rich & famous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love lessons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love, you ain't seen the last of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your hand in mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten rounds with jose cuervo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first step\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the keeper of the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truth about men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking to jerusalem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watermelon crawl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when mama ain't happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't that telephone ring\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	byrds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eight miles high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full circle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. tambourine man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so you want to be a rock 'n' roll star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn turn turn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	byrne, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	c note\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wait till i get home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	c&c music factory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you want to get funky\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  160	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	c&c music factory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gonna make you sweat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here we go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep it comin (dance till you can't dance no more)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pride (a deeper love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things that make you go hmmm\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cab, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bounce\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of those nights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cabrera, ryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	40 kinds of sadness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the way down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cadets, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stranded in the jungle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cadillacs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gloria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speedo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caesars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jerk it out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cafferty, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	betty lou's got a new pair of shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hearts on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the dark side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' through the fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cage the elephant\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no rest for the wicked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake me down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cagle, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chicks dig it\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  161	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cagle, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country by the grace of god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i breathe in, i breathe out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss me baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caillat, colbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brighter than the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bubbly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin' for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky (with jason mraz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	realize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the little things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	arco arena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will survive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no phone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perhaps, perhaps, perhaps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sheep go to heaven, goats go to hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	short skirt, long jacket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the distance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caldwell, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beyond the sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry 'bout me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl i dream about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i concentrate on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get a kick out of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love lite\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  162	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	caldwell, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on the street of dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you won't do for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you go to my head\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	calexico\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sonic wind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cali swag district\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burn out (drive fast)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kickback\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teach me how to dougie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	call, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i still believe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	calling, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adrienne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could it be any harder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wherever you will go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	calloway\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna be rich\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	calloway, cab\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	minnie the moocher\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	callum, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	frontin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cameo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back & forth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's strange\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	word up\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  163	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	camera obscura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's get out of this country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lloyd, i'm ready to be heartbroken\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	camouflage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is a shield\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	camp, jeremy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i still believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	camp, shawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fallin' never felt so good\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	campbell, ali\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold me tight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that look in your eye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	campbell, archie & lorene mann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dark end of the street\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	campbell, glen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lady like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by the time i get to phoenix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country boy (you got your feet in l.a.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams of the everyday housewife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything a man could ever need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faithless love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	galveston\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gentle on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost on the canvas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey come back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old home town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhinestone cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhinestone cowboy (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somethin' 'bout you baby i like (with rita coolidge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern nights\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  164	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	campbell, glen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	then you can tell me goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try a little kindness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wichita lineman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	campbell, stacy dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honey i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makin' good time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	campbell, tevin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can we talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	confused\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't say goodbye girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got it bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm early\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round & round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me what you want me to do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	camper van beethoven\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take the skinheads bowling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cam'ron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey ma (with juelz santana, freekey zekey & kay slay)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh boy (with juelz santana)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speakin tungs (with vado)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	canales, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	avisame\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	candi staton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young hearts run free\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	candlebox\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cover me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	far behind\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  165	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	candlebox\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy pills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	candyman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	knockin' boots\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	canned heat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	christmas blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the road again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cannon, freddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	palisades park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tallahassee lassie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way down yonder in new orleans\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cantrell, blu\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hit 'em up style (oops!)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me wanna scream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till i'm gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cantrell, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	leave me alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	canyon, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	capital cities\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	safe and sound\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	capitols, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cool jerk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	capris, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	there's a moon out tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	captain & tennille\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't stop dancin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come in from the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do that to me one more time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't forget me\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  166	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	captain & tennille\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm on my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keeping our love warm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely night (angel face)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will keep us together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muskrat love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shop around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song of joy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way i want to touch you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we never really say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wedding song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you need a woman tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never done it like that\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	captain beefheart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my human gets me blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	captain hollywood project\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	find another way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	impossible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more & more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more & more (with hook)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	captain sensible\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one christmas catalogue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cara, irene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flashdance (what a feeling)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot lunch jam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out here on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a feeling (with dj bobo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caravelles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you don't have to be a baby to cry\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  167	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cardiacs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dog-like sparky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cardigans, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	been it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning down the house (with tom jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	erase-rewind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for what it's worth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hanging around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovefool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my favourite game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your new cuckoo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cardle, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amazing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	care bears, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	banana boat song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have i got a friend for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head & shoulders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high above the candy mountains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're happy & you know it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looby loo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pat-a-cake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain rain go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring around a rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten little care bears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the care bears on the bus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the other day (i met a bear)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twinkle twinkle little star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we live in care-a-lot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with a great big care bear hug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with a smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carey, mariah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	against all odds\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  168	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carey, mariah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i want for christmas is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all in your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i've ever wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always be my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anytime you need a friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterfly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't let go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't take that away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas (baby please come home)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crybaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't forget about us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamlover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emotions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless love (with luther vandross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	h.a.t.e. u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreaker (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know what you want (with busta rhymes & flipmode squad)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i still believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love takes time\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  169	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carey, mariah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	loverboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it happen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	melt away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	migrate (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my all (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never forget you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never too far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never too far-hero medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	obsessed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one sweet day (with boyz II men)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say somethin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say somethin' (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake it off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so blessed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god i found you (with joe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch my body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	triumphant (get 'em) (with rick ross & meek mill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underneath the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vanishing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vision of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we belong together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i saw you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you believe (with whitney houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you need me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caribou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	leave house\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  170	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carlile, brandi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turpentine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carlisle, belinda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bigscaryanimal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circle in the sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven is a place on earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven is a place on earth (soda club dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get weak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in too deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave a light on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live your life be free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mad about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we want the same thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carlisle, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	butterfly kisses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lately (dreaming about babies)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carlton, carl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's a bad mama jama\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carlton, vanessa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a thousand miles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big yellow taxi (with counting crows)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carousel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ordinary day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white houses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carmel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	more more more\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carmen, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all by myself\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  171	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carmen, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change of heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hungry eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me lose control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never gonna fall in love again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carmichael, hoagy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lazy river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my resistance is low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ole buttermilk sky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carnes, kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bette davis eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break the rules tonite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't fall in love with a dreamer (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invitation to dance (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carolina liar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me what i am looking for\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carolina rain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get outta my way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caroline's spine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothing to prove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caron, leslie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hi-lili, hi-lo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carpenter, mary chapin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on come on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down at the twist & shout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going out tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grow old with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he thinks he'll keep her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of cards\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  172	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carpenter, mary chapin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i feel lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i take my chances\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john doe no. 24\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my dear old friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not too much to ask\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passionate kisses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up & kiss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stones in the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tender when i want to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hard way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why walk when you can fly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carpenters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(they long to be) close to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all you get from love is a love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bless the beasts & the children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calling occupants of interplanetary craft\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't smile without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for all we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have yourself a merry little christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurting each other\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't last a day without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's going to take some time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jambalaya (on the bayou)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry christmas darling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our day will come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please mr. postman\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  173	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carpenters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rainy days & mondays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleigh ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solitaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet sweet smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a kind of hush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this masquerade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ticket to ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	top of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch me when we're dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we've only just begun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday once more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carr, vikki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it must be him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carrey, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cuban pete (from the mask)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carrington, rodney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fred\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	great to be a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letter to my p#n#s\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more of a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning wood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who put the d### on the snowman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carroll, dina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so close\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carroll, jason michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alyssa lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can sleep when i'm dead\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  174	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carroll, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	roses are red\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cars, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all mixed up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dangerous type\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cha stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good times roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in touch with your world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just what i needed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moving in stereo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my best friend's girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since you're gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight she comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you might think\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're all i've got tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carson, jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cheatin' on her heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holdin' on to something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not on your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real life (i never was the same again)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until we fall back in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yeah buddy\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  175	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carter, aaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aaron's party (come get it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bounce\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i beat shaq\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want candy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not too young, not too old\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh, aaron\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carter, carlene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every little thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fell in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you 'cause i want to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something already gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweetest thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carter, clarence\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back door santa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fell in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss you all over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slip away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strokin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carter, deana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	absence of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels working overtime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	count me in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did i shave my legs for this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl you left me for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i get there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm just a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once upon a december (anastasia)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  176	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	carter, deana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one day at a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strawberry wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how you know it's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's no limit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we danced anyway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wildflower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you still shake me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carter, june\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jackson (with johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carter, mel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold me, thrill me, kiss me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	carter, nick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	help me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cartwright, lionel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be my angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me his last chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i watched it all (on my radio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing on the promises\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	casanova\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ultimate kaos\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cascada\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evacuate the dancefloor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime we touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never ending dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truly madly deeply\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what hurts the most\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  177	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cascades, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rhythm of the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	case\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	faded pictures (with joe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch me tease me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	case, neko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	people got a lotta nerve\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cash, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(ghost) riders in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	25 minutes to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a boy named sue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a thing called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't no grave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all over again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	away in a manger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballad of a teenage queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big river (with trick pony & waylon jennings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blistered\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cat's in the cradle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chicken in black (brain transplant)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cocaine blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry cry cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy sang bass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't take your guns to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father & son (with fiona apple)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five feet high & rising\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flesh & blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	folsom prison blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  178	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cash, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for you (with dave matthews)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forty shades of green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frankie & johnny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give my love to rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god's gonna cut you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye little darlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guess things happen that way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highwayman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home of the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got stripes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i still miss someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i walk the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather die young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were a carpenter (with june carter cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the jailhouse now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't me babe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been everywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackson (with june carter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	legend of john henry's hammer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long-legged guitar pickin' man (with june carter cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luther played the boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man in black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh lonesome me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one piece at a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oney\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orange blossom special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	personal jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring of fire\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  179	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cash, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ring of fire (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockabilly blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rusty cage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san quentin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san quentin (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september when it comes (with rosanne cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so doggone lonesome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday morning coming down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ballad of ira hayes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man comes around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night hank williams came to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one on the right is on the left\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rebel johnny yuma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ways of a woman in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there ain't no good chain gang (with waylon jennings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble in mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	understand your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanted man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is truth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cash, june carter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i were a carpenter (with johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep on the sunny side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long-legged guitar pickin' man (with johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cash, rosanne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue moon with heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know why you don't want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's such a small world (with rodney crowell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby thinks he's train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never be you\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  180	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cash, rosanne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rules of travel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september when it comes (with johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven year ache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee flat top box\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	casino, johnny & the gamblers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to hand jive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll is here to stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears on my pillow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	casinos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	then you can tell me goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cassidy, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	could it be forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daydreamer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how can i be sure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am a clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no bridge i wouldn't cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last kiss\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cassidy, eva\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american tune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	autumn leaves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue skies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blues in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bridge over troubled water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheek to cheek\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark eyed molly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drowning in the sea of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	early morning rain\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  181	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cassidy, eva\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fields of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god bless the child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah, i love him so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know you by heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wandered by a brookside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it doesn't matter anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it don't mean a thing (if it ain't got that swing)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kathy's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	natural woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	penny to my name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people get ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	songbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stormy monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my breath away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee waltz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the water is wide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time after time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time is a healer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true colors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wade in the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wayfaring stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world (with katie melua)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who knows where the time goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me (with david gray)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you take my breath away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've changed\par
\pard\sb290\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  182	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cassie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	king of hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & u\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cast\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walk away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	castaways\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	liar liar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	casting crowns\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if we are the body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lifesong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who am i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	castor, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	troglodyte (cave man)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	castro, christian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alguna vez\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amor eterno\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cat mother & the all night news boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good old rock & roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cat power\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've been thinking (with handsome boy modeling school)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sea of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderwall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	catatonia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ballad of tom jones (with space)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead from the waist down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karaoke queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	londinium\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mulder & scully\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange glue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	catch 22\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keasby nights\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  183	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	catherine wheel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sparks are gonna fly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cause & effect\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's over now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you think you know her\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cave, nick & the bad seeds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	death is not the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into my arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red right hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ship song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up jumped the devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the wild roses grow (with kylie minogue)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	caviar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tangerine speedo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cee-lo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all you need is love (with the muppets)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bright lights bigger city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closet freak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool for you (with melanie fiona)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you (hold on to love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's ok\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	celentano, adriano\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	prisencolinensinainciusol\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cena, john & tha trademarc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	basic thugonomics\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my time is now (cena's theme)\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  184	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cetera, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all (with cher)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever tonight (with crystal bernard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next time i fall in love (with amy grant)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one clear voice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chad & jeremy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a summer song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chairmen of the board\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carolina girls (with general johnson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me just a little more time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got me dangling on a string\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chambers, kasey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not pretty enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the captain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chamillionaire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get up (with ciara)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hip hop police\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ridin' (with krazie bone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	champs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tequila\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chandler, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	duke of earl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	groovy situation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	change\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lover's holiday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	changing faces\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	g.h.e.t.t.o.u.t.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoke you up\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  185	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	channel, bruce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	channing, stockard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	look at me, i'm sandra dee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there are worse things i could do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chao, manu\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	clandestino\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desaparecido\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la vida tombola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me gustas tu\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chaparrita, linda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	la differenzia\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chapin, harry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	30,000 pounds of bananas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cat's in the cradle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sequel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taxi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	w-o-l-d\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chapman, beth nielsen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sand & water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chapman, steven curtis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we fall down (wth chris tomlin)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chapman, tracy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby can i hold you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me one reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new beginning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telling stories\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	charlatans, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	north country boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only one i know\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  186	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	charlene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've never been to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	charles & eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a house is not a home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would i lie to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	charles, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a song for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america the beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby grand (with billy joel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby, it's cold outside (with betty carter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to lose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	busted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drown in my own tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgia on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah, i love her so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here we go again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit the road jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go get stoned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mess around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven spanish angels (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your tailfeather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry seems to be the hardest word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchain my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what'd i say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me (with diana krall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your cheating heart\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  187	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	charles, tina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love to love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	charlie daniels band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie woogie fiddle country blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drinkin' my baby goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long haired country boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the devil went down to georgia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last fallen hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the legend of wooley swamp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the south's gonna do it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ain't no rag it's a flag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uneasy rider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uneasy rider 88\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	charlie the unicorn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	candy mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a banana in your ear\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	charm city devils\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	man of constant sorrow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chas & dave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	getcha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snooker loopy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chasez, j.c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blowin' me up (with her love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chayanne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	completamente enamorados\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no te preocupes por mi\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cheap trick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't that a shame (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stop fallin' into love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be cruel\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  188	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cheap trick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dream police\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you to want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you to want me (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you want my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the street (that 70's show theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's tight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woke up with a monster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're all i wanna do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	checker, chubby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's twist again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	limbo rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the twist\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cheech & chong\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	basketball jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born in east l.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	earache my eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	framed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up in smoke\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cheese, richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby got back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	been caught stealin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bohemian rhapsody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do me (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down with the sickness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gin & juice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey ya\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  189	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cheese, richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot for teacher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ice ice baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a virgin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my neck, my back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nookie break stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pour some sugar on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rape me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smack that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star wars cantina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday bloody sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the jungle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the inspiration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the inspiration (with foley intro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chemical brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	believe (with kele okereke)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	galvanize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let forever be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	setting sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boxer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the salmon dance (with fatlip)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	theme for velodrome\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	che'nelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i fell in love with the dj\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a cowboy's work is never done (with sonny bono)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a song for the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	after all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	after all (with peter cetera)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i ever need is you\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  190	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i really want to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all or nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bang bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bewitched, bothered & bewildered (with rod stewart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	body to body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead ringer for love (with meat loaf)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dove l'amore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsys, tramps & thieves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half-breed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i found someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could turn back time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like jesse james\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love & understanding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one by one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save up all your tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoop shoop song (it's in his kiss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we all sleep alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you better sit down kids\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cherelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i didn't mean to turn you on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cherish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do it to it\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  191	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cherry poppin' daddies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brown derby jump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ding dong daddy of the d-car line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the snake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zoot suit riot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cherry, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	band of gold\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cherry, eagle-eye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long way around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cherry, neneh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	7 seconds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buffalo stance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manchild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chesney, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a lot of things different\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i need to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i want for christmas is a real good tan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anything but mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in my arms again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back where i come from\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be as you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer in mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	being drunk's a lot like loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't happen twice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every other weekend (with reba mcentire)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall in love\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  192	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	chesney, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for the first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grandpa told me so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guitars & tiki bars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how forever feels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i go back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just put a ribbon in your hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keg in the closet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live those songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in fast forward\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never gonna feel that way again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never wanted nothing more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no shoes, no shirt, no problems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old blue chair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old blue chair (ocean mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outta here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she thinks my tractor's sexy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiftwork (with george strait)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some people change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's why i'm here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the good stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tin man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the woman with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i need to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i close my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i think about leaving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the sun goes down\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  193	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	chesney, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when the sun goes down (with uncle kracker)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who you'd be today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you had me from hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you save me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chesnutt, cody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good in leather\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chesnutt, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a good way to get on my bad side (with tracy byrd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	almost goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as the honky tonk turns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brother jukebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bubba shot the jukebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in tennessee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin' never felt so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goin' through the big ''d''\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna get a life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half of everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to miss a thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just wanted you to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i might even quit lovin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll think of something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love with a married woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it sure is monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it wouldn't hurt to have wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old flames have new names\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin' with the flow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she was\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  194	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	chesnutt, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this heartache never sleeps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wherever you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman, sensuous woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong place, wrong time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love is a miracle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chevalier, maurice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aristocats, the\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chevelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	panic prone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the clincher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the red\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance dance dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's the greatest dancer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le freak\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chicago\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	25 or 6 to 4\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alive again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all roads lead to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	along comes a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby, what a big surprise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beginnings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	colour my world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does anybody really know what time it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' stronger every day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard habit to break\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  195	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	chicago\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hard to say i'm sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harry truman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hearts in trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna live without your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i should lose you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if she would have been faithful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you leave me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been searching so long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just you & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will come back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lowdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no tell lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	question 67 & 68\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday in the park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you still love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing you were here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the inspiration\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chickenfoot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big foot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chico\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's chico time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chicory tip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	son of my father\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  196	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	chiddy bang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ray charles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chief keef\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love sosa (album version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chiffons, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he's so fine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one fine day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet talkin' guy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	child, jane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't wanna fall in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	childish gambino\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bonfire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire fly (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire fly (with hook)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freaks & geeks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	children's songs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a peanut sat on a railroad track\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a tisket a tasket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all around the mulberry bush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all night, all day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the pretty little horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alphabet song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	apples & bananas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	auld lang syne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baa baa black sheep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby bumblebee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bats in the belfry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	battle hymn of the republic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be kind to your web footed friends\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  197	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	children's songs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bicycle built for two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bill grogan's goat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billy boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b-i-n-g-o\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bollweevil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brahm's lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye baby bunting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clementine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cockles & mussels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy's taking us to the zoo tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dixie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do your ears hang low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eentsy weentsy spider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five little chickadees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five little monkeys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flea fly song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	found a peanut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	froggie went a courtin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fuzzy wuzzy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	german lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes peter cottontail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here we go loopty loo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey diddle diddle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hickory dickory dock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home on the range\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot cross buns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	humpty dumpty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hush little baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hush-a-bye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're happy & you know it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a little teapot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been working on the railroad\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  198	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	children's songs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jack & jill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jimmy crack corn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john brown's baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john jacob jingleheimer schmidt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kookaburra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bo peep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little boy blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bunny foo foo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little jack horner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little miss muffet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little peter rabbit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	london bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary had a little lamb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (goosey goosey gander +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (grand old duke of york +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (hey diddle diddle +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (hickory dickory dock +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (oh dear what can the matter be +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (pussycat pussycat +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (ride a cock horse +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (see saw marjorie daw +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (ten little indians +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (this old man +3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mozart's lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my hand on my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my hat has three corners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh susanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old king cole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old macdonald\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once an austrian went yodeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one bottle of pop\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  199	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	children's songs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	over the river & through the woods\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pat-a-cake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pease porridge hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pick a bale of cotton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop goes the weasel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puff the magic dragon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pussycat, pussycat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain, rain go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring around the rosy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock-a-bye baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	row, row, row your boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	russian cradle song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she'll be comin' round the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoo fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing a song of sixpence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skidamarink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skip to my lou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleep baby sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star spangled banner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swanee river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me out to the ball game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten in a bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten little indians\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ants go marching\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bear went over the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crocodile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the dreydl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the farmer in the dell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hokey pokey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mulberry bush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the witches go flying along\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  200	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	children's songs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this little pig\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this old man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three blind mice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three jolly fisherman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three little kittens\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thru children's eyes medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turkey in the straw\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twinkle twinkle little star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wassail song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we gather together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we wish you a merry christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wee willie winkle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what did delaware\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when johnny comes marching home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where has my little dog gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is your goose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yankee doodle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chi-lites, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a letter to myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you seen her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homely girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i found someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i found sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't have to go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chilliwack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fly at night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my girl (gone gone gone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatcha gonna do (when i'm gone)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	china black\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	searching\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  201	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	china crisis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wishful thinking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chingon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	malague\uc2\u241\'F1\'00a salerosa (kill bill 2)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chingy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dem jeans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holidae in (with snoop dogg & ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pullin' me back (with tyrese)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right thurr\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chiodos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i didn't say i was powerful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chipmunks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the chipmunk song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chordettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lollipop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chords, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sh-boom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	chrisette, michele\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best of me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	christian death\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	deathwish\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	christie, lou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gonna make you mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two faces have i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	christie, tony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	avenues & alleyways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive safely darling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i did what i did for maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is this the way to amarillo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	las vegas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	christy, june\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the wee small hours of the morning\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  202	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	chumbawamba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amnesia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tubthumping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tubthumping (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	church, charlotte\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call my name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy chick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even god can't change the past\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moodswings (to come to me like that)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	church, claudia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	home in my heart (north carolina)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all your fault\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's the matter with you baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	church, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how 'bout you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two pink lines\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	church, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the unguarded moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the milky way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	churchill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ciara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 step (with missy elliott)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't leave him alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get up (with chamillionaire)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodies (with petey pablo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like you (with bow wow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love sex magic (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never ever\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  203	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ciara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh (with ludracris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pick up the phone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cibo matto\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	know your chicken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sci-fi wasabi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cinderella\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't know what you got (till it's gone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak station\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm coming home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody save me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	circle jerks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back against the wall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	citizen king\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better days\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	city high\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caramel (with eve)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how would you do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	city on a hill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	god of wonders\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	civil wars, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barton hollow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison & wine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clanton, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clap your hands say yeah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the skin of my yellow country teeth\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  204	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	clapton, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before you accuse me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind the mask\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue eyes blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blues power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cocaine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crossroads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't think twice it's alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i shot the sheriff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm tore down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's in the way that you use it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a rock n' roll heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay down sally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	layla\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	layla (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	motherless child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my father's eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody knows you when you're down and out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	presence of the lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riding with the king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running on faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san francisco bay blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet home chicago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing low sweet chariot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears in heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tulsa time\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  205	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	clapton, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	willie & the handjive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clare, alex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too close\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clark family experience\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	going away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standin' still\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clark sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you brought the sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clark, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	graduation day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clark, dee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey little girl (wheew!)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody but you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raindrops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clark, petula\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'est ma chanson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't sleep in the subway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	downtown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i couldn't live without your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know a place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	je me sens bien aupres de toi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la gadoue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la nuit n'en finit plus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marin (l'enfant du voyage)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sign of the times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the show is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my song\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  206	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	clark, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come live with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honeymoon feelin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never picked cotton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had to do it all over again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tips of my fingers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday when i was young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clark, sanford\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the fool\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clark, terri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better things to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	damn right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy from now on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emotional girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime i cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getting there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls lie too\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy boots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna do it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my next life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no fear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that i found you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pain to kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she didn't have time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly single\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the real thing\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  207	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	clark, terri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the world needs a drink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three mississippi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unsung hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when boy meets girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're easy on the eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clarkson, kelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a moment like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i ever wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anytime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful disaster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful disaster (piano)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind these hazel eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't waste your time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do not hook up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just missed the train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long shot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss independent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr know it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. know it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life would suck without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since u been gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since u been gone (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sober\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  208	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	clarkson, kelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	some kind of miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger (what doesn't kill you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thankful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day we fell apart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the trouble with love is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't win\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you thought wrong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clash, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(white man) in hammersmith palais\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	1977\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bankrobber\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brand new cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	complete control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four horsemen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	garageland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guns of brixton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fought the law\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	janie jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	london calling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in the supermarket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	police and thieves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock the casbah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rotten catbox (parody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rudie can't fail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should i stay or should i go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should i stay or should i go (with spanish)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the magnificent seven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tommy gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	train in vain (stand by me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's my name\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  209	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	clash, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	white riot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	classic IV\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spooky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stormy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clay, walker\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this woman & this man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	claypool, philip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	circus leaving town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the strength of a woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clayton, kimber\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bless his heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clayton, merry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clean living\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in heaven there is no beer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cleopatra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cleopatra's theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life ain't easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cleveland's finest\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	please stay lebron\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	click five, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	catch your wave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cliff, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	games people play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can see clearly now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	many rivers to cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reggae night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the harder they come\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  210	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cliff, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we all are one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful world beautiful people\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clifford, buzz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby sittin' boogie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	climax\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	precious & few\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	climax blues band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	couldn't get it right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	climie fisher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love changes everything\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cline, patsy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a church, a courtroom & then goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a stranger in my arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anytime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in baby's arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon of kentucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faded love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fingerprints\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolin' around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half as much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever been lonely (with jim reeves)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he called me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartaches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk merry go round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can see an angel\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  211	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cline, patsy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can't forget you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cried all the way to the alter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fall to pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you so much it hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could see the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm blue again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in care of the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've loved and lost again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a closer walk with thee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just out of reach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leavin' on your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the teardrops fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's railway to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look stop & listen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love letters in the sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovesick blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor man's roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san antonio rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven lonely days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	south of the border\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger in my arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid cupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dreams\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  212	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cline, patsy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the heart you break may be your own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then you'll know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there he goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three cigarettes in an ashtray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tra le la le la triangle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the cards slowly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' after midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wayward wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i get thru with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when my dreamboat comes home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who can i count on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why can't he be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you belong to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you made me love you (i didn t want to do it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you took him off my hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you were only fooling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your cheatin' heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're stronger than me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clinton, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	atomic dog\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clipse, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	grindin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clooney, rosemary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on-a my house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry 'bout me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mambo italiano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my old flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sisters (with betty clooney)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ole house\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  213	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	clovers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rotten cocksuckers' ball\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	club nouveau\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lean on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	clylo, biffy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boom blast and ruin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coast to coast\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do the hucklebuck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coasters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	along came jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	charlie brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little egypt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison ivy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	searchin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry but i'm gonna have to pass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yakety yak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young blood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cobra starship\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good girls go bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snakes on a plane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel (with sabi)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coburn, candy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that thing you do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cochran, anita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all these years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for crying out loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if i said (with steve wariner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you be here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cochran, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'mon everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somethin' else\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  214	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cochran, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	summertime blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three steps to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty flight rock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cochran, tammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels in waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you can\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cochrane, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good man (feeling bad)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish you well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is a highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no regrets\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cochrane, tom & red rider\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big league\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boy inside the man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victory day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cock robin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the promise you made (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cocker, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bye bye blackbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry me a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delta lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feeling alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a little faith in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the healing begin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she came in through the bathroom window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer in the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the letter\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  215	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cocker, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	unchain my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up where we belong (with jennifer warnes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the night comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with a little help from my friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are so beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can leave your hat on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cockerel chorus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nice one cyril\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cocoon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chupee (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chupee (female solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chupee (male solo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cocteau twins\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pearly dew drops drop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coe, david allan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	devil went down to jamaica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	divers do it deeper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get a little dirt on your hands (with bill anderson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hank williams junior junior\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if that ain't country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack daniels, if you please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just to prove my love for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	longhaired redneck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mona lisa lost her smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now i lay me down to cheat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she used to love me a lot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee whiskey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this bottle (in my hand) (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what made you change your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	willie, waylon & me\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  216	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	coe, david allan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you never even called me by my name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coeur de pirate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	comme des enfants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ensemble\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coffey, kellie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at the end of the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outside looking in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas plates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever it takes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you lie next to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cohan, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	grand old flag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coheed & cambria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a favor house atlantic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blood red summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suffering\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cohen, leonard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bird on a wire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance me to the end of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance me to the end of love (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	death of a ladies man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first we take manhattan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it seems so long ago, nancy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joan of arc\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so long marianne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suzanne\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  217	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cohen, leonard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the partisan\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cohn, marc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	paper walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking in memphis\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	colbert, stephen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	charlene (i'm right behind you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle man, christmas boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cold\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just got wicked\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cold war kids\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hang me up to dry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minimum day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	colder, ben (sheb wooley)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost persuaded #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	detroit city #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fifteen beers ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	folsom prison #1 & a half\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello walls #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i walk the line #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucille #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring of smoke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday morning falling down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coldplay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a rush of blood to the head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a whisper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amsterdam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	charlie brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clocks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clocks (r\uc2\u246\'F6\'00yksopp remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daylight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't panic\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  218	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	coldplay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every teardrop is a waterfall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything's not lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fix you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god put a smile upon your face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hardest part\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high speed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurts like heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life in technicolor II\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is for living\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovers in japan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parachutes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	politik\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	princess of china (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see you soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sparks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speed of sound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strawberry swing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hardest part\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the scientist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	til kingdom come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	violet hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	viva la vida\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warning signs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  219	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cole, cheryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call my name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyone (with dizzee rascal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	screw you (with wretch 32)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cole, jude\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	believe in you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cole, keyshia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i ain't thru\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night (with puff daddy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cole, lloyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lost weekend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cole, nat king\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i love you) for sentimental reasons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a blossom fell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	answer me my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	autumn leaves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballerina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chestnuts roasting on an open fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darling je vous aime beaucoup\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deck the halls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't get around much anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	embraceable you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fascination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for all we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i may\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in the mood for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only a paper moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let there be love\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  220	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cole, nat king\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's face the music & dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l-o-v-e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a many splendored thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover come back to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mona lisa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nature boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfidia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quizas quizas quizas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ramblin' rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	route 66\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere along the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stardust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straighten up & fly right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the christmas song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the very though of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too young to go steady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unforgettable (with natalie cole)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' my baby back home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i fall in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cole, natalie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as time goes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i live for your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inseparable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got love on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l-o-v-e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss you like crazy\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  221	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cole, natalie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	orange colored sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pink cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snowfall on the sahara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they can't take that away from me (with frank sinatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unforgettable (with nat king cole)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild women do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cole, paula\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feelin' love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where have all the cowboys gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where have all the cowboys gone (remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cole, samantha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collective soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	december\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more no less\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious declaration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the river flows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why pt.2\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collie, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to love you\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  222	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	collie, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	even the man in the moon is crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard lovin' woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it is no secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lipstick don't lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love to burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame shame shame shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steady as she goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three words, two hearts, one night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collier, rachel k\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hard road to travel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collins, dave & ansel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	double barrel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collins, edwyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a girl like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never know (my love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collins, judy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amazing grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	both sides now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of amazing grace mashup (vs. the animals)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send in the clowns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who knows where the time goes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collins, marcus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mercy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven nation army\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collins, phil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(love is like a) heatwave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	against all odds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another day in paradise\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  223	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	collins, phil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	both sides of the story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't turn back the years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let him steal your heart away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't lose my number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy lover (with phillip bailey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father to son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	groovy kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang in long enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't care anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i missed again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish it would rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the air tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus he knows me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like china\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long long way to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	separate lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	separate lives (with marilyn martin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something happened on the way to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sussudio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight tonight tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too busy thinking about my baby (with manhattan transfer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true colors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wear my hat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't hurry love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll be in my heart\par
\pard\sb290\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  224	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	collins, simon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	unconditional\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	collins, tyler\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never alone (eeyore's lullaby)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	colon, javier\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stitch by stitch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	color me badd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	choose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i adore mi amor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna sex you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the earth, the sun, the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	colter, jessi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm not lisa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's happened to blue eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	colvin, shawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all fall down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fill me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get out of this house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin' on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunny came home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the rainbow comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole new you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & the mona lisa\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	combs, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drinking from my saucer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	commander cody & his lost planet airmen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot rod lincoln\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	commitments, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring it on home to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark end of the street\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  225	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	commitments, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	destination anywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do right woman, do right man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to handle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stand the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the midnight hour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. pitiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mustang sally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slip away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me to the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treat her right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try a little tenderness\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	commodores, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brick house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus is love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just to be close to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady (you bring me up)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightshift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sail on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three times a lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zoom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	common\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come close to me (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drivin' me wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghetto dreams (with nas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life (with erykah badu)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me what we're gonna do now (with joss stone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the corner\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  226	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	como, perry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and i love you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as time goes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catch a falling star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let the stars get in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have yourself a merry little christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot diggity (dog ziggity boom)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's impossible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kewpie doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic moments\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make someone happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my funny valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa loves mambo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round & round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some enchanted evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's no place like home for the holidays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til the end of time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	concetta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so far away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	concrete blonde\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bloodletting (the vampire song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god is a bullet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heal it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow wendy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coney hatch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	monkey bars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	confederate railroad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cowboy cadillac\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  227	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	confederate railroad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy never was the cadillac kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elvis & andy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hate rap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus & mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she never cried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer in dixie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what brothers do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the big one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trashy women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when & where\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you leave that way you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	conlee, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby you're something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back side of thirty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	busted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	common man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friday night blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got my heart set on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't remember loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss emily's picture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose colored glasses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she can't say that anymore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	conley, arthur\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet soul music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	conley, earl thomas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chance of lovin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't make it easy for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavenly bodies\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  228	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	conley, earl thomas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	holding her & loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honor bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have loved you, girl (but not like this before)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love don't care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once in a blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right from the start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere between right & wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i'd say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what she is (is a woman in love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	connells, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	74 75\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	connick jr, harry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you know what it means to miss new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it had to be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more (than the greatest love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	recipe for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whisper your name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	connor, sarah & naturally 7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	music is the key\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	connors, stompin' tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bud the pud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hockey song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ketchup song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	margo's cargo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor, poor farmer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubberhead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sudbury saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the consumer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	conroy, patricia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what else can i do\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  229	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	conti, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gonna fly now (theme from rocky)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	contours, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cook, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always be my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billie jean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come back to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eleanor rigby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cook, elizabeth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sometimes it takes balls to be woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cooke, sam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a change is gonna come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring it on home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chain gang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody loves to cha cha cha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exactly like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frankie & johnny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	having a party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me at mary's place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send me some lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soothe me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's it, i quit, i'm movin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twistin' the night away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful world\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  230	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cooke, sam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you send me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cookie & his cupcakes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	matilda\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cookies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't say nothin' bad (about my baby)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cooks da books\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coolidge, rita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(your love has lifted me) higher & higher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all time high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher and higher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somethin' 'bout you baby i like (with glen campbell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're all alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coolio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 3 4 sumpin' new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c u when you get there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dial-a-jam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fantastic voyage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gangsta's paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all the way live (now)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh la la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cooper, alice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alice cooper medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be my lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billion dollar babies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caught in a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold ethyl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	department of youth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eighteen\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  231	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cooper, alice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elected\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feed my frankenstein\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gutter cat vs. the jets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey stoopid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how you gonna see me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love the dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it my body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man of the year\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr & misdemeanor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muscle of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more mr. nice guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only women bleed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	school's out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under my wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to my nightmare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coppola, imani\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	legend of a cowgirl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coral, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreaming of you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cornelius brothers & sister rose\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too late to turn back now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treat her like a lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cornell, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	billie jean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know my name\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  232	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cornershop\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brimful of asha\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	corona\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rhythm of the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	corr, ida\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let me think about it (vs. fedde le grand)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	corrosion of conformity\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	albatross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clean my wounds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	corrs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the love in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never loved you anyway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my father's wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the right time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what can i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what can i do (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the stars go blue (with bono)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cosby, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little ole man (uptight everything's alright)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cosgrove, miranda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	about you now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	costa, nikka\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(out here) on my own\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	costa, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never on sunday\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  233	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	costello, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(the angels wanna wear my) red shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(what's so funny 'bout) peace, love & understanding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	accidents will happen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alison\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chelsea (i don't want to go)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every day i write the book\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god give me strength\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good year for the roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stand up for falling down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	less than zero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oliver's army\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pump it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satellite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shipbuilding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toledo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	veronica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watching the detectives\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cotton, josie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he could be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny are you queer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coty, neal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	legacy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right down through the middle of us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coulton, jonathan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a talk with george\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby got back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	betty and me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brand new sucker\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  234	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	coulton, jonathan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chiron beta prime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas is interesting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	code monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creepy doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance sj (rave mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gambler's prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i crush everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel fantastic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ikea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laptop like you, a\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mandelbrot set\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	millionaire girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr fancy pants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	re your brains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	screwed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shop vac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skullcrusher mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skymall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soft rocked by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still alive (portal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that spells dna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the future soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	todd the t-1000\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tom cruise crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	want you gone (portal2)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	counting crows\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a long december\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a murder of one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	accidentally in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american girls (with sheryl crow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels of the silence\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  235	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	counting crows\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big yellow taxi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big yellow taxi (with vanessa carlton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	colorblind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daylight fading\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	einstein on the beach (for an eggman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	einstein on the beach (for an eggman) (bluegrass)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hanginaround\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard candy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you seen me lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday in spain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miami\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mrs potter's lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raining in baltimore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'round here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	course of nature\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caught in the sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cover drive\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	explode (with dappy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sparks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twilight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cover girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	show me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	covington, bucky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a different world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's good to be us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cowboy crush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hillbilly nation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cowboy junkies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a common disaster\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  236	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cowboy junkies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet jane\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cowboy mouth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whatcha gonna do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cowsills\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indian lake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rain, the park & other things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cox, deborah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's over now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's supposed to be here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sentimental\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who do u love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cox, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i never met a woman i didn't like\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man overboard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	coxon, graham\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	standing on my own again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this old town (with paul weller)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cozier, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's all i got\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cracker\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i hate my generation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing to believe in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teen angst (what the world needs now) (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the golden age\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	craddock, billy ''crash''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boom boom baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy as pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cheated on a good woman's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love the blues & the boogie woogie\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  237	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	craddock, billy ''crash''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	knock three times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rub it in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still thinkin' 'bout you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet magnolia blossom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you rubbed it in all wrong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cramps, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	garbage man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goo goo muck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cranberries, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	analyse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	animal instinct\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dying in the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free to decide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just my imagination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	linger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ode to my family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	salvation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up & smell the coffee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zombie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zombie (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crash kings\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mountain man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crash test dummies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	afternoons & coffee spoons\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  238	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	crash test dummies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	god shuffled his feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the days of the caveman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mmm mmm mmm mmm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ballad of peter pumpkinhead\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	craven, beverley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	woman to woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crawford, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cajun moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's crying now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crazy elephant\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gimme gimme good lovin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crazy town\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	butterfly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crazy world of arthur brown, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cream\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	badge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crossroads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so glad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spoonfull\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange brew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine of your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tales of brave ulysses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white room\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	creamer, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	by heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	creamy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never ending story (remix)\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  239	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	creation, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	making time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	creed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bullets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop dancing (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my own prison\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sacrifice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one last breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overcome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riders on the storm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to whom it may concern\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	torn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's this life for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with arms wide open\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	creedence clearwater revival\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad moon rising\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born on the bayou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	commotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cotton fields\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down on the corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fortunate son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever seen the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i put a spell on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lodi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long as i can see the light\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  240	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	creedence clearwater revival\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lookin' out my back door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run through the jungle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	susie q\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet hitchhiker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the midnight special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travelin' band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up around the bend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who'll stop the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crenshaw, marshall\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	someday, someway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever you're on my mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crespo, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bandida\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suavemente\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crests, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sixteen candles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the angels listened in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crew cuts, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sh-boom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cribbens, bernard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	right said fred\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crittenden, melodie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i should've known\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	critters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr dyingly sad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	croce, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad bad leroy brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a name\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  241	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	croce, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll have to say ''i love you'' in a song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover's cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york's not my home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one less set of footsteps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	operator (that's not the way it feels)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photographs & memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rapid roy (the stock car boy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roller derby queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speedball tucker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time in a bottle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	workin' at the car wash blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't mess around with jim\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	croisille, nicole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll never leave you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	un homme et une femme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	une femme avec toi\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crooklyn dodgers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crooklyn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crosby, bing\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ac-cent-tchu-ate the positive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begin the beguine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	count your blessings instead of sheep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear hearts & gentle people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep in the heart of texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did you ever see a dream walking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't fence me in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	far away places\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight sweetheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i kiss your hand madame\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  242	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	crosby, bing\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in my merry oldsmobile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the good old summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's easy to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me call you sweetheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mele kalikimaka\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace on earth-little drummer boy (with david bowie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pennies from heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some enchanted evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stardust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swanee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swinging on a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till we meet again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well did you evah (with frank sinatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when irish eyes are smiling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are my sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you must have been a beautiful baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're breaking my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crosby, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	side by side\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crosby, rob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fallin' in & crawlin' out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crosby, stills & nash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	only waiting for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pre-road downs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern cross\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crosby, stills, nash & young\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4 + 20\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carry on (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deja vu\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  243	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	crosby, stills, nash & young\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	find the cost of freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helplessly hoping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long time gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marrakesh express\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ohio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suite-judy blue eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teach your children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasted on the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wooden ships\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woodstock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cross section\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hi heel sneakers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cross, christopher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arthur's theme (best that you can do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never be the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride like the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save your sadness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think of laura\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crosse, clay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will follow christ\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crossfade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cold\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cottage cheese\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evil woman (don't play your games with me)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crow, sheryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a change would do you good\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  244	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	crow, sheryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abilene (with natalie maines)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i wanna do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american girls (with counting crows)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anything but down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't cry anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'mon c'mon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday is a winding road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday is a winding road (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good is good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it makes you happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's so easy (with don henley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving las vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my favorite mistake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh marie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	picture (with kid rock)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run baby run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine over babylon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soak up the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steve mcqueen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet child o' mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the difficult kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first cut is the deepest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the light in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes the neighborhood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow never dies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crowded house\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better be home soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chocolate cake\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  245	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	crowded house\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	distant sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't dream it's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall at your feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four seasons in one day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i walk away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	instinct\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into temptation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only natural\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	locked out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now we're getting somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pineapple head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sister madly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something so strong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weather with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world where you live\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crowe, j.d. & new south\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll stay around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some old day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crowell, rodney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	above & beyond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i couldn't leave you if i tried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if looks could kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's such a small world (with rosanne cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the picture paint itself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovin' all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please remember me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's crazy for leavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of love\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  246	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	crucial conflict\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cruise, julee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jellyhead (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cruz, celia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	la negra tiene tumbao\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cruz, taio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty picture (with ke$ha)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dynamite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hangover (with flo rida)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher (with kylie minogue)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telling the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there she goes (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	troublemaker\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cry of love\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	peace pipe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cryin' shames, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	please stay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cryner, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you'd think he'd know me better\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crystal castles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alice practice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baptism\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celestica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love & caring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not in love (with robert smith)\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  247	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	crystal method, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(can't you) trip like i do (with filter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born too slow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	crystals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	da doo ron ron\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a rebel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rudolph the red-nosed reindeer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then he kissed me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uptown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	css\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	left behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's make love (& listen to death from above)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cuff links\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tracy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	culbertson, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	still here (with vivian green)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cullum, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all at sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blame it on my youth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but for now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high & dry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could have danced all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get a kick out of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's about time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover, you should have come over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next year baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old devil moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	singin' in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twentysomething\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a difference a day makes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheels\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  248	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cullum, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wind cries mary\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cult, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fire woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love removal machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she sells sanctuary\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	culture beat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. vain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me that you'll wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world in your hands\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	culture club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	church of the poison mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you really want to hurt me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god thank you woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just wanna be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll tumble 4 ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma chameleon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss me blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mistake no. 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time (clock of the heart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victims\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cummings, burton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break it to them gently\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fine state of affairs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guns guns guns\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  249	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cummings, burton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will play a rhapsody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm scared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my own way to rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never had a lady before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand tall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	timeless love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your backyard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cupid\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the cupid shuffle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cupid's inspiration\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yesterday has gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	curb, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burning bridges (kelly's heroes)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cure, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a forest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a forest (radio edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a letter to elise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a night like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a strange day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys don't cry (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fascination street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friday i'm in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot hot hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in between days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jumping someone else's train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like heaven\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  250	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cure, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	killing an arab\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go to bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love cats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mint car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pictures of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	primary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the 13th\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the caterpillar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the end of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the walk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	curfman, shannon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	true friends\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	curren$y\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	audio dope 3\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	currency\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fast cars faster women (with daz)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	currington, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good directions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	must be doin' somethin' right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party for two (with shania twain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tangled up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why, why, why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	curry, tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i do the rock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cutting crew\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i just) died in your arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been in love before\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cutting edge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your love is my oxygen\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  251	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cymbal, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. bass man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cypress hill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dr. greenthumb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hand on the pump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hits from the bong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i could just kill a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna get high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	illusions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	insane in the brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phuncky feel one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pigs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rap superstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	throw your hands in the air\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	throw your set in the air\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we ain't goin' out like that\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cyrkle, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	red rubber ball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn-down day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cyrus, billy ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	achy breaky heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't your dog no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	busy man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could've been me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deja blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give my heart to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want my mullet back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the heart of a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it won't be the last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one last thrill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's not crying anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some gave all\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  252	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cyrus, billy ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storm in the heartland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk some\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these boots are made for walkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the hood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wher'm i gonna live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words by heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	cyrus, miley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	7 things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterfly, fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	climb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	east northumberland high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every rose has it's thorn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full circle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	g.n.o. (girl's night out)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye twitter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he could be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hoedown throwdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart beats for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party in the usa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start all over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time of our lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i look at you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll always find your way back home\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  253	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	cyrus, miley (as hannah montana)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bigger than us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got nerve\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we were a movie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's what you make of it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make some noise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one in a million\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pumpin' up the party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best of both worlds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the other side of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is the life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we got the party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who said\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d12\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	d12 world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be damned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	purple hills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	purple pills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rap game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d4l\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	betcha can't do it like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laffy taffy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	da brat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chalk dust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fa all y'all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funkdafied\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  254	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	da brat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give it 2 you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in love wit chu (with cherish)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party continues (with jermaine dupri)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sittin' on top of the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	da vinci's notebook\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	enormous p#n#s\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	da yoopers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cows with guns\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dacav5\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dirty style\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dada\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dizz knee land\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	daddy yankee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burgal (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gasolina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lo que paso, paso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rompe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yo voy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	daft punk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aerodynamic (instrumental)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	digital love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	face to face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harder, better, faster, stronger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	robot rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something about us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teachers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	technologic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too long\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  255	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dahl, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you think i'm disco\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dakota moon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a promise i make\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another day goes by\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dalton, lacy j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	16th avenue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black coffee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody makes mistakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hillbilly girl with the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	takin' it easy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	daltry, roger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	giving it all away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	damage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the love has gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so what if i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	damian, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	was it nothing at all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	damn yankees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming of age\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two lost souls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	damned, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eloise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new rose\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  256	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	damned, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shadow of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smash it up, pt.2\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	damone, vic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it had to be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the street where you live\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dan band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free your mind-i am woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock u hard (this xmas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the abba medley\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dandy warhols, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bohemian like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	godless (massive attack remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d'angelo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cruisin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & those dreamin' eyes of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing even matters (with lauryn hill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untitled (how does it feel)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	danger doom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sofa king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dangerfield, rodney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rappin' rodney\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dangermouse & sparklehorse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everytime i'm with you (with jason lytle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl (with julian casablancas)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	daniel, davis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i miss her missing me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	daniels, clint\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a fool's progress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i grow up\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  257	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	danny & the juniors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at the hop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	danny wilson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mary's prayer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	danzig\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	am i demon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty black summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dappy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rockstar (with brian may)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d'arby, terence trent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance little sister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delicate (with des'ree)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you let me stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she kissed me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sign your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing well\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	darin, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	18 yellow roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a nightingale sang in berkley square\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	artificial flowers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as i'm singing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beyond the sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bill bailey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clementine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't rain on my parade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamlover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello young lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were a carpenter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la mer\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  258	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	darin, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lazy river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome whistle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome whistle (i heard that)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mack the knife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	multiplication\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once upon a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of the hop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple song of freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	softly as i leave you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	splish splash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday in new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a rainbow 'round my shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you must have been a beautiful baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the reason i'm living\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	darkness, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	christmas time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get your hands off my woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	growing on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in a thing called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it just me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's friday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is only a feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one way ticket\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	darling, helen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i haven't found it yet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	darren, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye cruel world\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  259	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	darts, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boy from new york city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come back my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy cool\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	das racist\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rapping 2 u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you oughta know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dashboard confessional\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	belle of the boulevard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rapid hope loss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	screaming infidelities\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stolen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vindicated\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	daughtry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feels like tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poker face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	renegade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dave clark five\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bits & pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't you see that she's mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catch us if you can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glad all over\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  260	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dave clark five\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like it like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over & over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got what it takes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dave matthews band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ants marching\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crash into me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you (with johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gravedigger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grey street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i did it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satellite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so much to say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay (wasting time)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the space between\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tripping billies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what would you say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you going\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	david, craig\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	7 days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't love you no more (i'm sorry)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fill me in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hidden agenda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rendezvous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's your flava\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world filled with love\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  261	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	david, craig\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you don't miss your water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	david, f.r.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	words (don't come easy)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davidson, clay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	unconditional\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis jr, sammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	birth of the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've gotta be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep your eye on the sparrow (baretta theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me or leave me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my shadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. bojangles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sam's song (with dean martin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's gotta give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take these chains from my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that old black magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the birth of the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the candy man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of a fool am i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i forgot more than you'll ever know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis, alana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	32 flavors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis, linda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a love story in the making\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	company time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does he love you (with reba mcentire)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from the inside out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna remember this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm yours\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  262	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	davis, linda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love didn't do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some things are meant to be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis, mac\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hooked on music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's hard to be humble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one hell of a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop & smell the roses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	65 love affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i go crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis, skeeter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	am i that easy to forget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fuel to the flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna get along without you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he says the same things to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homebreaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help you, i'm falling too\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stay mad at you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a lover (not a fighter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm saving my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my last date (with you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	optimistic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set him free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what does it take\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where i ought to be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis, stephanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all in the heart\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  263	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	davis, stephanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moonlighter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	davis, tyrone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turn back the hands of time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dawes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i wanted someone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tie a yellow ribbon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dawn, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i would\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	day 26\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	made love lately\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	day, alex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever yours\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	day, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rockin' robin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	day, doris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a guy is a guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i give my heart to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just blew in from the windy city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the sunny side of the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perhaps perhaps perhaps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	que sera, sera (whatever will be, will be)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sentimental journey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tea for two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the deadwood stage\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	day, howie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	collide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect time of day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she says\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  264	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	day, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the fun of your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	day, otis & the knights\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shama lama ding dong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shout\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dayne, taylor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't get enough of your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll always love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be your shelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will lead you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naked without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prove your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell it to my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with every beat of my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	days of the new\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	enemy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shelf in the room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the down town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch, peel & stand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dazz band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let it whip\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	db boulevard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	point of view\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d'banj\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oliver twist\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dc talk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	between you & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	consume me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free at last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	godsend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard way\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  265	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dc talk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jesus freak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lean on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say the words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spirit in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supernatural\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	de burgh, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't pay the ferryman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high on emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady in red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le coeur d'une femme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patricia the stripper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quand je pense a toi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ship to shore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spaceman came traveling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	de la soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakadawn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me, myself & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring ring ring (ha ha hey) (party line mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roller skating jam named ''saturdays''\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	de paul, lynsey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sugar me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	de toppers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	prince medley\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deacon blue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll never fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of the new year\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dead 60s\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	riot radio\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  266	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dead can dance\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carnival is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rakim\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	severance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dead kennedys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california uber alles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday in cambodia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	police truck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too drunk to f-ck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dead milkmen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	instant club hit (you'll dance to anything)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	punk rock girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dead or alive\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brand new lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something in my house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you spin me round (like a record)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dead weather, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	treat me like your mother (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treat me like your mother (female solo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deadeye dick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new age girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deadmau5\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ghosts n stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	professional griefers (with gerard way)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the veldt (with chris james)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deal, bill & rhondels\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what kind of fool (do you think i am)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dean, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	billy the kid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboy band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna take care of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if there hadn't been you\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  267	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dean, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm not built that way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	innocent bystander\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's what i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep mom & dad in love (with suzy bogguss & jillian)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let them be little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once in a while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only here for a little while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in my broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that girl's been spyin' on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tryin' to hide a fire in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we just disagree\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dean, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rebound\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dean, ester\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drop it low (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme money (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dean, hazell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who's leaving who\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dean, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big bad john\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dean, kiley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who will i run to\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dean, tyler\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deanda, paula\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doing too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy (with bow wow)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dearie, blossom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	peel me a grape\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  268	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	death cab for cutie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lack of color\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crooked teeth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will follow you into the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will possess your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bribes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me on the equinox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul meets body\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	death in june\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break the black ice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	death of the cool\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't let go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deb, debbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funky little beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i hear music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	debarge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's holding donna now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	debarge, chico\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give you what you want (fa sure)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	debarge, el\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm yours (with siedah garrett & quincy jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's johnny\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	debarge, kristinia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	decemberists, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	down by the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh valencia\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  269	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	decemberists, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	summersong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crane wife #1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crane wife #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crane wife #3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the perfect crime #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the war came\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yankee bayonet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dee, joey & the starlighters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	peppermint twist\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dee, kiki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't go breaking my heart (with elton john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got the music in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love (with john, elton)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deee-lite\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	groove is in the heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deefhoof\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mario's flaming whiskers III\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deele, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two occasions\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deep blue something\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakfast at tiffanys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakfast at tiffany's\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakfast at tiffany's (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deep dish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreams (with stevie nicks) (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flashdance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deep purple\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fireball\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  270	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	deep purple\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	high ball shooter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highway star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kentucky woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knocking at your back door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lalena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect strangers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoke on the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier of fortune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space truckin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speed king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange kind of woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet child in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a blind man cries\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman from tokyo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you fool no one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you keep on moving\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deepest blue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give it away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deerhoof\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad kids to the front\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behold a marvel in the darkness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakup songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f\uc2\u234\'EA\'00te d'adieu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i did crimes for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mothball the fleet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super duper rescue heads!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the trouble with candyhands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's that grin\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  271	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	deerhoof\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	to fly or not to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we do parties\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zero seconds pause\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dees, rick & his cast of idiots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disco duck pt.1\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deez, darwin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	radar detector\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up in the clouds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	def leppard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	armageddon it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bringin' on the heartbreak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	def leppard medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever needed someone so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hysteria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get rocked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love bites\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love bites (with que)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss you in a heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nine lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photograph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pour some sugar on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pour some sugar on me (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock of ages\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock rock (till you drop)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slang\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  272	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	def leppard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stand up (kick love into motion)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too late for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two steps behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love & hate collide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	women\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	default\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wasting my time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deftones\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	around the fur\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to school\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be quiet & drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bloody cape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change (in the house of flies)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamond eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	digital bath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	engine no. 9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kimdracula\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mascara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minerva\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my own summer (shove it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one weak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	risk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riviere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket skates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	root\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	royal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rx queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sextape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tempest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chauffeur\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  273	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	deftones\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this place is death\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when girls telephone boys\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	degraw, gavin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chariot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love with a girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dekker, desmond & the aces\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	007 (shanty town)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	israelites\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	del amitri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always the last to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	driving with the brakes on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss this thing goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not where it's at\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing ever happens\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spit in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	del rey, lana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue jeans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue jeans (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carmen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dayglo reflection (with bobby womack & damon albarn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diet mountain dew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	million dollar man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	national anthem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	off to the races\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  274	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	del rey, lana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	summertime sadness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is what makes us girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	video games\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	delaney & bonnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never ending song of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	delerium\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	silence (with sarah mclachlan)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	delfonics, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	didn't i (blow your mind this time)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la-la means i love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	delinquent habits\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tres delinquentes (cubano remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	delirious\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	deeper\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dell vikings\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come go with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dells, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh what a night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay in my corner\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dels\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shapeshift\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deltron 3030\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	battlesong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mastermind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memory loss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	positive contact\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deluna, kat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whine up (with elephant man)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dem franchise boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everytime tha beat drop (with monica)\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  275	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dem franchise boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lean wit it, rock wit it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn heads\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dement, iris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in spite of ourselves (with john prine)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dennen, brett\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	comeback kid (that's my dog)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make you crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	denney, kevin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cadillac tears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dennis, cathy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all night long (touch me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	irresistible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too many walls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dennis, wesley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	borrowed angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know (but i've been told)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	denver, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	annie's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back home again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blackbird fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calypso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grandma's feather bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving on a jet plane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. bojangles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sweet lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the road\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  276	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	denver, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rocky mountain high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shanghai breezes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some days are diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine on my shoulders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me home, country roads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god i'm a country boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this old guitar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	department s\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	is vic there\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	depeche mode\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a pain that i'm used to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a question of lust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a question of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	barrel of a gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind the wheel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black celebration (crummy midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black celebration (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blasphemous rumours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue dress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue dress (piano)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but not tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but not tonight (extended mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	condemnation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	damaged people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreaming of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enjoy the silence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enjoy the silence (piano)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  277	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	depeche mode\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything counts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly on the windscreen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fragile tension\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get the balance right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it doesn't matter two (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's called a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's no good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john the revelator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just can't get enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lie to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lillian\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little 15\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love in itself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	macrovision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	martyr\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	master & servant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my secret garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let me down again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing's impossible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one caress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one caress (piano)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only when i lose myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people are people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	personal jesus\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  278	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	depeche mode\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	photographic (crummy midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	policy of truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake the disease\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody (piano)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strangelove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stripped\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suffer well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the darkest star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the meaning of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sinner in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweetest perfection (piano)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	useless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking in my shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world in my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	derailers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bar exam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the right place\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	derek\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cinnamon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	derek & the dominos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bell bottom blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	layla\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little wing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody knows you when you're down & out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	derek & the slammers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let the puppies breathe\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  279	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dern, daisy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gettin' back to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	derringer, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	real american\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll hoochie koo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	derulo, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't wanna go home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ridin' solo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatcha say\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	desario, teri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yes i'm ready (with k.c.)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	descendents\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bikeage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silly girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	desert rose band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ashes of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's back & i'm blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i still believe in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love reunited\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one step forward\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too gone too long\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	desert sessions, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	like a drug\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deshannon, jackie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what the world needs now\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  280	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	des'ree\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	delicate (with terence trent d'arby)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's your sign\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gotta be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gotta be ('99 version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	destiny's child\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bills, bills, bills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bootylicious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bug a boo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cater 2 u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fancy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	independent women (part 1)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jumpin' jumpin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lose my breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no, no, no (part 2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nuclear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say my name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier (with lil' wayne & t.i.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand up for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	survivor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dethklok\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bloodlines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dethklok theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fansong\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  281	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	detroit emeralds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feel the need in me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deuce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call it love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dev\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bass down low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the dark\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	devaughn, william\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be thankful for what you got\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	device\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hanging on a heart attack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	devlin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	watchtower (with ed sheeran)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	devo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big mess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom of choice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gates of steel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl u want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mongoloid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peek-a-boo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfaction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speed racer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through being cool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncontrollable urge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whip it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working in the coal mine\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  282	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	devo 2.0\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cyclops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	devotion, sheila b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	singin' in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dewdrop daddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chick-a-boom (don't ya jes' love it)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dexter, al & his troopers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pistol packin' mama\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dexy's midnight runners\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on eileen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	geno\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she got a wiggle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	deyoung, dennis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	desert moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dht\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	listen to your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to your heart (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	diamond rio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful mess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bubba hyde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finish what we started\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone out of my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holdin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know how the river feels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a week or two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all in your head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love a little stronger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama don't forget to pray for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me in the middle\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  283	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	diamond rio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mirror mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night is fallin' in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	norma jean riley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nowhere bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh me oh my sweet baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sawmill road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's just that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what i get for loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this romeo ain't got julie yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbelievable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working man blues (with steve wariner & lee roy parnell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrinkles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	diamond, neil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a matter of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	acapulco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	act like a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america the beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american popular song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and the grass won't pay no mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another day (that time forgot) (with natalie maines)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful noise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brooklyn roads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brother love's traveling salvation show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can anybody hear me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	captain sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherry cherry\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  284	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	diamond, neil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherry cherry christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cracklin' rosie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crunchy granola suite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep inside of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desiree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you know the way to san jose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	done too soon (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be cruel (to a heart that's true)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't make me over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dry your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever in blue jeans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free man in paris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl, you'll be a woman soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glass won't pay no mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	groovy kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday, sweet sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he ain't heavy, he's my brother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey louise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holly holy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am i said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in happy endings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got the feeling (oh no no)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i haven't played this song in years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i who have nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you know what i mean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm glad you're here with me tonight\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  285	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	diamond, neil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've been this way before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jerusalem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kentucky woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady oh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last thing on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave a little room for god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	longfellow serenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on the rocks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marry me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matter of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight train to georgia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morningside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no limit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the robert e. lee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one good love (with waylon jennings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one hand, one heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty amazing grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red red wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reminisce for a while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the last dance for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september morn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shilo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleep with me tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleigh ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow it down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solitary man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song sung blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	songs of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soolaimon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish harlem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star flight\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  286	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	diamond, neil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	story of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet caroline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet caroline (metal version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talking optimist blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank the lord for the nightime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boat that i row\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until it's time for you to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you still love me tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday's songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are the best part of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't bring me flowers (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've lost that lovin' feelin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	diamonds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little darlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stroll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dickens, little jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	may the bird of paradise fly up your nose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dickies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	manny, moe & jack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dickson, barbara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caravan song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	diddy-dirty money\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ass on the floor (with swizz beatz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming home (clean) (with skylar grey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming home (with skylar grey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you no more\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  287	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dido\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day before we went to war\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you have a little time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't believe in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't leave home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hunter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life for rent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary's in india\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one step too far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quiet times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sand in my shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see you when you're 40\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this land is mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white flag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who makes you feel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	die antewoord\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beat boy (male solo edit)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	die antwoord\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	$copie (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	$copie (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat boy (duet edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat boy (male solo edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enter the ninja (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enter the ninja (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rich bitch\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  288	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	die antwoord\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rich b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wat kyk jy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	die toten hosen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alles aus liebe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	auld lang syne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hier kommt alex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	return of alex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zehn kleine jagermeister\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	diesel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sausalito summer nights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dietrich, marlene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	johnny wenn du geburstag hast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lili marlene\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	diffie, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a night to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind closed doors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bigger than the beatles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c-o-u-n-t-r-y\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk attitude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love with a capital ''u''\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in another world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my own backyard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's always somethin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john deere green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leroy the redneck reindeer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's so funny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pickup man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prop me up beside the jukebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ships that don't come in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so help me girl\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  289	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	diffie, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	texas size heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that road not taken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the quittin' kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	third rock from the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is your brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white lightnin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	difranco, ani\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little plastic castles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superhero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	digable planets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	9th wonder (blackitolism)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebirth of slick (cool like dat)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	digital underground\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freaks of the industry (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the humpty dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dilated peoples\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this way (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dino\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dinosaur jr.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feel the pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wagon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	holy diver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last in line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand up & shout\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  290	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abraham, martin & john\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	donna the prima donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drip drop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny b goode\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely teenager\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaround sue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wanderer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dion & the belmonts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a teenager in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wonder why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovers who wander\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's my desire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where or when\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dion, celine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a new day has come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all by myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any other way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ave maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby close your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty & the beast (with peabo bryson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because you loved me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brahms lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call the man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cant fight the feelin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	declaration of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't save it all for christmas day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling into you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first time ever i saw your face\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  291	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dion, celine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever been in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here, there & everywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i drove all night (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you to need me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if that's what it takes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if there was any other way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we could start over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you asked me to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your angel (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	immortality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in some small way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all coming back to me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's hard to say goodbye (with paul anka)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got the world on a string\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's talk about love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a natural woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely teenager\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love can move mountains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love doesn't ask why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is all we need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is on the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make you happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miles to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misled\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart will go on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart will go on (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart will go on (remix)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  292	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dion, celine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my precious one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing broken but my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o holy night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only one road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river deep, mountain high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seduces me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleep tight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell him (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the colour of my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the power of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the power of the dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the prayer (with andrea bocelli)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think twice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to love you more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	water from the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i fall in love (with clive griffin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where does my heart beat now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is the love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why oh why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you and i\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  293	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dire straits\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brothers in arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calling elvis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down to the waterline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	expresso love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hand in hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavy fuel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	industrial disease\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	iron hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady writer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love over gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money for nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on every street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	planet of new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	portobello belle (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	private investigations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride across the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo & juliet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skateaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sultans of swing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telegraph road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tunnel of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twisting by the pool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why worry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your latest trick\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dirty heads, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lay me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spread too thin\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  294	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dirty pretty things\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bang bang you're dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deadwood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wondering\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dirty vegas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	days go by\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disasteradio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gravy rainbow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dishwalla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels or devils\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	charlie brown's parents\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	counting blue cars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once in a while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in the middle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disney medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grim grinning ghosts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a small world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lavender blue dilly dilly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mickey mouse club march\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bear band serenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tiki tiki tiki room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a great big beautiful tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true to your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (101 dalmations)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cruella de vil\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (aladdin)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a whole new world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a whole new world (peabo bryson & regina belle)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  295	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (aladdin)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	arabian nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friend like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one jump ahead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one jump ahead (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prince ali\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud of your boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (beauty & the beast)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be our guest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty & the beast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	belle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	belle (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gaston\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gaston reprise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mob song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prologue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	transformation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (brother bear)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	great spirits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look through my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no way out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	transformation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (camp rock)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta find you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play my music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start the party\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  296	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (camp rock)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this is me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is me (girl solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too cool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who will i be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (cars)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	behind the clouds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is a highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart would know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	route 66\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sh-boom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (cheetah girls 1)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakthrough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheetah sisters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cinderella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'mon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together we can\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (cheetah girls 2)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherish the moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do your own thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the party's just begun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why wait\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  297	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (cheetah girls 3)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cheetah love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circle game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance me if you can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no place like us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (chicken little)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no mountain high enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go breaking my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will survivie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's the end of the world as we know it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one little slip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake a tail feather\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (chitty chitty bang bang)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chitty chitty bang bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me ol' bamboo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truly scrumptious\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (cinderella)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a dream is a wish your heart makes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bibbidi bobbidi boo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so this is love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (dumbo)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i see an elephant fly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (enchanted)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that's how you know\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  298	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (hercules)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go the distance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't say (i'm in love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (high school musical 1)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bop to the top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get'cha head in the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't take my eyes off of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start of something new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're all in this together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i've been looking for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when there was me & you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (high school musical 2)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bet on it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fabulous (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta go my own way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	humuhumunukunukuapua'a\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't dance (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what time is it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work this out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are the music in me (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (high school musical)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all for one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all for one (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (hunchback of notre dame)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	god help the outcasts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (jungle book)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bare necessities\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never smile at a crocodile\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  299	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (kim possible)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me, beep me (the kim possible song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could it be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's just you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rappin' drakken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say the word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the naked mole rap\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (lady & the tramp)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bella notte\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a tramp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are siamese\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (lion king)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be prepared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you feel the love tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circle of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hakuna matata\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he lives in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just can't wait to be king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of the jungle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warthog rhapsody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (little mermaid)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kiss the girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les poissons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of your world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of your world (jessica simpson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor unfortunate souls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the sea\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (lizzie mcguire)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl in the band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a nice life\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  300	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (lizzie mcguire)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can't wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lizzie mcguire theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supermodel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tide is high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what dreams are made of\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why not\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (mary poppins)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chim chimney cheree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feed the birds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love to laugh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jolly holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go fly a kite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spoonful of sugar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay awake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supercalifragilisticexpialidocious\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (monsters inc.)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i didn't have you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (mulan)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll make a man out of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reflection\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (nightmare before christmas)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jack's lament\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack's obesession\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sally's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the oogie boogie song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is halloween (short)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (peter pan)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	second star to the right\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  301	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (pete's dragon)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	candle on the water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (phineas & ferb)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't got rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	backyard beach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e.v.i.l. boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gitchee gitchee goo (extended version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a bully\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little brothers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s.i.m.p (squirrel in my pants)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snuck yourway right into my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (pinocchio)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give a little whistle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hi-diddle-dee-dee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got no strings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you wish upon a star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (pirates of the caribbean)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yo ho (a pirate's life for me)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (pocahontas)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	colours of the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never knew you (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just around the river bend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (princesses)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every girl can be a princess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you can dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (radio disney)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all-star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you happy now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	complicated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invisible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so yesterday\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  302	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (radio disney)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	why not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	y.m.c.a.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (sleeping beauty)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once upon a dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (snow white)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heigh ho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday my prince will come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whistle while you work\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (song of the south)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody has a laughing place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zip-a-dee-doo-dah\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (tangled)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i see the light (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother knows best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will my life begin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (tarzan)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	son of man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strangers like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll be in my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (that's so raven)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(there's gotta be) more to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jungle boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supernatural\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's so raven theme song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ultimate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gotta be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (three little pigs)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who's afraid of the big bad wolf\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  303	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	disney (toy story 1)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you've got a friend in me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (toy story 2)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when she loved me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disney (winnie the pooh)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heffalulmps & woozles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winnie the pooh\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	distillers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	city of angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drain the blood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	disturbed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	conflict\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down with the sickness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	droppin' plates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glass shatters (stone cold theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of confusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meaning of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	numb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect insanity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shout 2000\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stricken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupify\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten thousand fists\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	violence fetish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voices\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	want (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	divine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more try\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  304	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	divine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you think you're a man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	divine comedy, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	becoming more like alfie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something for the weekend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	divinyls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back to the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys in town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i touch myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pleasure & pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dixie chicks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	am i the only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bitter end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold day in july\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboy take me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't waste your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy silence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it up or let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	godspeed (sweet dreams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye earl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello, mr. heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hole in my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can love you better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i fall you're going down with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll take care of you\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  305	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dixie chicks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	landslide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let 'er rip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let him fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long time gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long way around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lubbock or leave it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mississippi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never say die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not ready to make nice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once you've loved somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready to run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roses in the snow (with emmylou harris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sin wagon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some days ya gotta dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's your trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight the heartache's on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too far from texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	top of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tortured, tangled hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travelin' soldier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truth no.2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white trash wedding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wide open spaces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't hurry love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you were mine\par
\pard\sb290\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  306	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dixie cups, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chapel of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people say\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dixon, alesha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the boy does nothing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dixon, gabe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	five more hours\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dixon, willie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm your hoochie coochie man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little red rooster\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dizzee rascal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bonkers (with armand van helden)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyone (with cheryl cole)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream (with pepper)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got the dirtee love (with florence & the machine)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj  bobo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring the beat back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj bobo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chihuahua\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the dream come true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's come together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is all around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pirates of dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadows of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody dance with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a feeling (with irene cara)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is your love\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  307	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dj casper\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cha cha slide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj drama\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my moment\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj fresh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot right now (with rita ora)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the feeling (with ravaughn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the power (with dizzee rascal)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj jazzy jeff & the fresh prince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a nightmare on my street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fresh prince of bel-air theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls ain't nothing but trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think i can beat mike tyson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm looking for the one (to be with me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parents just don't understand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring my bell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're gonna make me love somebody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj khaled\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm on one (with drake, rick ross & lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj kool\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let me clear my throat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj miko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what's up (dance version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj otzi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	noch in 100.000 jahren\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosamunde\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj quik\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dollaz-n-sense\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj rolex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we want some p-ssy\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  308	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dj sammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boys of summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven (candlelight mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj shadow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scale it back (with little dragon)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dj unk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walk it out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	djay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hard out here for a pimp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoop that trick\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d-mob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'mon & get my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dmx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	already\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the hood at\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	x gon' give it to ya\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d-nice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me d-nice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dobson, fefe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take me away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doctor & the medics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spirit in the sky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doctor p\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	neon (with jenna g)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dodd, deryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a bitter end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good idea tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john roland wood\par
\pard\sb307\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  309	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dodd, ken\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dodgy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good enough\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dodson, antoine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bed intruder\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doe, ernie k.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mother-in-law\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	does it offend you, yeah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we are rockstars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dog's eye view\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything falls apart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small wonders\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doherty, pete\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken love song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dokken\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking the chains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning like a flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream warriors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dolan, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make me an island\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dolby, thomas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	europa & the pirate twins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hyperactive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she blinded me with science\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  310	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dolce, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shaddap a you face\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dollar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love's got a hold on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirror mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring ring\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	domino, fats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't that a shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be my guest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blueberry hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to walk you home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna be a wheel someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm walkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jambalaya (on the bayou) (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking to new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta lovin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dominoes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	60 minute man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	donaghy, siobh\uc2\u225\'E1\'00n\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	overrated\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	donaldson, bo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	billy don't be a hero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	donegan, lonnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	does your chewing gum lose it's flavor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack o' diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock island line\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	donnas, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fall behind me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who invited you\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  311	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	donovan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	atlantis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catch the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	colours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goo goo barabajagal (love is hot)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurdy gurdy man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jennifer juniper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mellow yellow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	season of the witch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine superman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wear your love like heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	donovan, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any dream will do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close every door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too many broken hearts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doobie brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	china grove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eyes of silver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it keeps you runnin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus is just alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long train running\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minute by minute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	need a little taste of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' down the highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	south city midnight lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me in your arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	takin' it to the streets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the doctor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a fool believes\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  312	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dooleys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wanted\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doolittle, eliza\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr medicine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pack up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skinny genes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doonican, val\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elusive butterfly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doors, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alabama song (whisky bar)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back door man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	been down so long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break on through\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cars hiss by my window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebration of the lizard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystal ship\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five to one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello, i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.a. woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light my fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light my fire (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love her madly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me two times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace frog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people are strange\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riders on the storm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roadhouse blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul kitchen\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  313	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	doors, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spanish caravan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it as it comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the changeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wasp (texas radio & the big beat)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unknown soldier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the music's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishful sinful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're lost little girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dore, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pilot of the airwaves\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dorsey, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all or nothing at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brazil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i remember you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i understand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria elena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tangerine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dorsey, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	holy cow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working in a coal mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ya ya\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dot rotten\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you not entertained\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	double\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the captain of her heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	douglas, carl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kung-fu fighting\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  314	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	douglas, carol\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doctor's orders\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doves, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black & white town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catch the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes the fear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	downing, big al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	touch me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	downing, will\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break up to make up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	doyle, holly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	queen of the silver dollar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dr. alban\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dr. demento\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ballad of irving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cows with guns (dana lyons)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't touch that (laszlo & gary)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rusty chevrolet (da yoopers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the scotsman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vanna, pick me a letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are the worms\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dr. dre\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	187 (deep cover remix) (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b-tches ain't sh-t\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dre day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck wit dre day (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forgot about dre\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forgot about dre (with eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guilty conscience (with eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep their heads ringin'\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  315	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dr. dre\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let me ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	natural born killaz (with ice cube)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nuthin' but a ''g'' thang (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still d.r.e.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the next episode (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's the difference (with eminem & xzibit)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dr. hook\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bit more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby makes her blue jeans talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better love next time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cover of the rolling stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyone's makin' it big but me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freakin' at the freaker's ball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls can get it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to be alone tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if not you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in over my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more like the movies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sharing the night together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sylvia's mother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the millionaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're in love with a beautiful woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	years from now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dr. horrible's sing-along blog\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a man's gotta do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad horse chorus (letter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad horse chorus (phone call)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brand new day\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  316	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dr. horrible's sing-along blog\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everyone's a hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything you ever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my eyes (on the rise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my freeze ray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	penny's song (story of a girl)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect story (so they say)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slipping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so they say\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dr. john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i walk on gilded splinters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right place wrong time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dr. octagon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue flowers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me touch you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dragon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you old enough\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dragonforce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	through the fire & flames\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best i ever had\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crew love (with the weeknd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fancy (with t.i & swiss beatz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever (with hook)(with kanye west, lil' wayne & eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever (with kanye west, lil' wayne & eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	headlines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karaoke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marvin's room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	started from the bottom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take care (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  317	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	drake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the motto (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drake, dusty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the working man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say yes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smaller pieces\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dramarama\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything, anything (i'll give you)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dramatics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whatcha see is whatcha get\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	d-ream\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	things can only get better\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dream academy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life in a northern town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please please please (let me get what i want)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dream theater\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pull me under\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pull me under (radio edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space-dye vest\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dream warriors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my definition of a boombastic jazz style\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dream, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shawty is a 10\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dreamlovers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when we get married\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dresden dolls, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coin-operated boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delilah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missed me\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  318	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	drifters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at the club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i take you home little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on over to my place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down on the beach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every night's a saturday night with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harlem child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello happiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ill take you where the music's playing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kissin' in the back row\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like sister & brother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little red book\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love games\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories are made of this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night at the movies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the last dance for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some kind of wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish harlem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my first love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this magic moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love, true love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the boardwalk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up on the roof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when my little girl is smiling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're more than a number in my little red book\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drive by truckers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	three dimes down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drivin' 'n' cryin'\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fly me courageous\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  319	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dropkick murphys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barroom hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm shipping up to boston\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me i'm sh-t-faced\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tessie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wild rover\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drowning pool\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bodies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gangsta lean\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dru hill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in my bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the times\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drums, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever & ever amen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go surfing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & the moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	drusky, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yes, mr. peters (with priscilla mitchell)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dubliners, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black velvet band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven drunken nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the irish rover (with the pogues)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dubs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chapel of dreams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dubstar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will be your girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ducas, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every time she passes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello cruel world\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  320	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ducas, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lipstick promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teardrops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duck sauce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barbra streisand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big bad wolf\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dude mountain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the smooches in the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dudley, dave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	six days on the road\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duff, hilary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beat of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come clean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl in the band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a nice life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our lips are sealed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone's watching over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supermodel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the math\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tide is high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what dreams are made of\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why not\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duffy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	delayed devotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm scared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercy\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  321	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	duffy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rain on your parade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockferry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	serious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stepping stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warwick avenue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well well well\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duffy, stephen ''tin tin''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kiss me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dazzey duks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duncan, bryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love takes time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duncan, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it couldn't have been any better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she can put her shoes under my bed anytime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinkin' of a rendezvous\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dundas, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jeans on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dune\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who wants to live forever\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dunkly, erroll\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ok fred\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dunn, antoine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	miss my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dunn, holly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you ever gonna love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy's hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am who i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not about blame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love someone like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only when i love\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  322	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dunn, holly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	strangers again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my heart again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you really had me going\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dunn, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your kind of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dupree, robbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	steal away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duprees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you belong to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dupri, jermaine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	party continues (with da brat)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to atlanta (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duran duran\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a view to a kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all she wants is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all you need is now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	careless memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come undone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric barbarella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls on film\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold back the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hungry like the wolf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hungry like the wolf (literal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is there something i should know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mediterranea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new moon on monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new religion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	notorious\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  323	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	duran duran\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ordinary world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	planet earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach up for the sunrise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save a prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skin trade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chauffeur\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the reflex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wild boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	union of the snake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	view to a kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what happens tomorrow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	durante, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as time goes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello young lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hi-lili, hi-lo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inka dinka do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make someone happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of those songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the glory of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try a little tenderness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't have everything\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	durbin, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me bad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	durcal, rocio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	para toda la vida\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	durst, fred\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	outside (live) (with aaron lewis)\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  324	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dury, ian & the blockheads\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	billericay dickie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit me with your rhythm stick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i was with a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reasons to be cheerful pt.3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex & drugs & rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet gene vincent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there ain't 'alf been some clever bastards\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a waste\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dutronc, jacques\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	les cactus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	duvall, shelley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he needs me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dvda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	now you're a man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dwele\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	find a way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm cheatin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's not to love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dwight twilley band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm on fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dylan, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all along the watchtower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blowin' in the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you please crawl out your window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't think twice, it's all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything is broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta serve somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i shall be released\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  325	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	dylan, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't me babe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all over now baby blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like tom thumb's blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knockin' on heaven's door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay lady lay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leopard-skin pill-box hat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a rolling stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maggie's farm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. tambourine man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	positively 4th street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quinn the eskimo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy day women #12 & 35\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shelter from the storm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silvio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	subterranean homesick blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tangled up in blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the times they are a-changin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i'll be staying here with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	visions of johanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the ship comes in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dyllon, marshall\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she ain't gonna cry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	dynamite hack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boyz in the hood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	e.u.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	da' butt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	e-40\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	captain save a hoe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go hard or go home\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  326	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	e-40\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sprinkle me (with suga t)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me when to go (with keak da sneak)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u & dat (with kandi girl)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eagles of death metal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherry cola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you so hard (boy's bad news)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eagles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	already gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best of my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	busy being fabulous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	certain kind of fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desperado\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doolin-dalton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eagles medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eagles medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eagles medley 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get over it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good day in hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartache tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hotel california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't tell you why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to hear anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your world now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of hollywood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last resort\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	learn to be still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life in the fast lane\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  327	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	eagles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love will keep us alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lyin' eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new kid in town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightingale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more cloudy days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ol' 55\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the border\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day at a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of these nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peaceful easy feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please come home for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty maids all in a row\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven bridges road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it to the limit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tequila sunrise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl from yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greeks don't want no freaks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the long run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sad cafe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting in the weeds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasted time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do i do with my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	witchy woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never cry like a lover\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eamon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	f-ck it i don't want you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love them ho's\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby's lost\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  328	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ear pwr\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby houses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	melt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	earl, kate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one woman army\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	earl, stacy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	romeo & juliet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	earth, wind & fire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the love has gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie wonderland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to get you into my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guiding lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's groove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reasons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	serpentine fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shining star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing a song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spend the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way of the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	east 17\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	house of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever (with gabrielle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay another day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	east side beat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ride like the wind\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  329	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	easton, sheena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for your eyes only\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	machinery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning train (9 to 5)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	place where you belong (with jeffrey osborne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telefone (long distance love affair)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lover in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the nearness of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u got the look (with prince)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we've got tonight (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what comes naturally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when he shines\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	easybeats, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	friday on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's so fine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eazy e\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	real muthaphukkin' g's\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	echelons, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a christmas long ago (jingle jingle)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	echo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girls can't catch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	echo & the bunnymen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bedbugs & ballyhoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring on the dancing horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lips like sugar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people are strange\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven seas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cutter\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  330	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	echo & the bunnymen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the killing moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eckstine, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a cottage for sale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a sunday kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything i have is yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i apologize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a right to sing the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you could see me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my foolish heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on green dolphin street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prisoner of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tenderly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	econ stories\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fear the boom and bust (hayek vs. keynes rap anthem)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eddie & the hotrods\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do anything you wanna do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eddie, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	marijuanaville\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edens edge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too good to be true\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edgar winter group\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	autumn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep playing that rock & roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edison lighthouse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love grows (where my rosemary goes)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	editors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all sparks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an end has a start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bullets\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  331	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	editors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	munich\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smokers outside the hospital doors\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edmonds, kevon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	24-7\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edmunds, dave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i hear you knocking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ednita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	quien te robo el corazon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edsels, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rama lama ding dong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edward sharpe & the magnetic zeros\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up from below\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edwards, cliff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when you wish upon a star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edwards, dennis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't look any further (with siedah garrett)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edwards, jonathan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shanty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edwards, meredith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the bird song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	edwards, tommy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's all in the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please mr. sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eels, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. e's beautiful blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	novocaine for the soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday morning\par
\pard\sb284\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  332	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	egan, walter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	magnet & steel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magnet and steel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eiffel 65\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue (da ba dee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move your body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much of heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eighth wonder\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm not scared\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	einstein a go-go\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	landscape\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elam, katrina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want a cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no end in sight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elastica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	connection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stutter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elbert, donnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	where did our love go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elbow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	neat little rows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day like this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eldredge, brett\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it ain't gotta be love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	electric guest\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this head i hold\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	electric light orchestra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all over the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	birmingham blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calling america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calling america (duo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get it out of my head\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  333	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	electric light orchestra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	confusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't bring me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't walk away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evil woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four little diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here is the news\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on tight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julie don't live here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last train to london\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ma ma ma belle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. blue sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll is king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockaria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll over beethoven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine a little love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	showdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so fine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet talkin' woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone line (trio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the diary of horace wimp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lights go down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way life's meant to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn to stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twilight\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  334	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	electric light orchestra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	waterfall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild west hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	xanadu (with olivia newton-john)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	electric prunes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i had too much to dream (last night)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	electric six\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	danger high voltage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gay bar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naked pictures (of your mother)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	electronic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disappointed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forbidden city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get the message\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getting away with it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elegants, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elephant's memory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mongoose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elgins, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heaven must have sent you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eli young band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life at best\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elliman, yvonne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i can't have you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ellington, duke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caravan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do nothing 'till you hear from\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do nothing until you hear from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't get around much anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got it bad\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  335	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ellington, duke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i let a song go out of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it don't mean a thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump for joy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mood indigo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solitude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sophisticated lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take the ''a'' train\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elliot, ''mama'' cass\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dream a little dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's getting better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make your own kind of music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elliott, alecia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm diggin' it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wanna what\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elliott, missy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 step (with ciara)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in the day (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	car wash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ching-a-ling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go to the floor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gossip folks (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot boyz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm really hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lose control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one minute man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one minute man (with ludacris & trina)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party to damascus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass that dutch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pussycat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slide\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  336	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	elliott, missy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take away (with ginuwine & tweet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take that (with tc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	triple threat (with timbaland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we run this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ellis, shirley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the name game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ellis, terry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wherever you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ellis-bextor, sophie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	catch you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	groovejet (if this ain't love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak (make me a dancer) (with freemasons)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't change you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my imagination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me and my imagination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mixed up world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	murder on the dancefloor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music gets the best of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today the sun's on us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	elmo & patsy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	grandma got run over by a reindeer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	se\uc2\u241\'F1\'00or santa claus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	embers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love beach music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	embrace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all you good people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come back to what you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glorious day\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  337	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	embrace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gravity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nature's law\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world at your feet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	emerald, caro\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	emerson drive\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fall into me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i should be sleeping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you still owe me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	emerson, lake & palmer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	from the beginning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karn evil 9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	emf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	unbelievable\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	emilio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big big world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even if i tried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think we're on to something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not the end of the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eminem\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	8 mile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a-s like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as the world turns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cleanin' out my closet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crack a bottle (with dr. dre & 50 cent)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	criminal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drug ballad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	encore (with dr. dre & 50 cent)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  338	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	eminem\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forgot about dre (with dr. dre)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guilty conscience (with dr. dre)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hailie's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a doctor (with skylar grey & dr. dre)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just lose it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like toy soldiers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lose yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love the way you lie (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mockingbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mosh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my name is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no love (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not afraid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake that (with nate dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing for the moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the real slim shady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we made you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i'm gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	emotions\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the best of my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	empire of the sun\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walking on a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are the people\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  339	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	en vogue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let go (love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it up turn it loose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	giving him something he can feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my lovin' (you're never gonna get it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no fool no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riddle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too gone too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatta man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	enanitos verdes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lamento boliviano\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	enemy, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	away from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll live & die in these towns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're not alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	enfield, harry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	loads of money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	england, dan & john ford coley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'd really love to see you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's sad to belong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is the answer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nights are forever without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll never have to say goodbye again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	england, ty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	redneck son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should've asked her faster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoke in her eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too many highways\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  340	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	english beat, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hands off, she's mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirror in the bathroom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save it for later\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tears of a clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too nice to talk to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twist & crawl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	english, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your love amazes me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	enigma\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	return to innocence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the eyes of truth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ennis sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's not about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	enur\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	calabria 2008 (with mims)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	enya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anywhere is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marble halls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	may it be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orinoco flow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orinoco flow (no backing vocals)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paint the sky with stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild child\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	epmd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's my thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	equals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby come back\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	erasure\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(make me smile) come up and see me\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  341	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	erasure\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little respect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	am i right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue savannah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breath of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chains of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chorus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crown of thorns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	erasure medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme gimme gimme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavenly action\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i go impossible again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love saturday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it doesn't have to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knocking on your door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay all your love on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love to hate you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh l'amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river deep, mountain high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s.o.s.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ship of fools\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  342	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	erasure\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take a chance on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the circus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victim of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voulez vous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who needs love like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you surround me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eric b. & rakim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	juice (know the ledge)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eruption\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one way ticket\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	escape club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wild, wild west\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	esnavi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	unexpected love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	esposito, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're the best\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	esquires\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get on up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	essex, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a winter's tale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brave new world (jeff wayne's war of the worlds)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna make you a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me close\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh what a circus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver dream machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sun ain't gonna shine anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love ways (with catherine zeta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter's tale\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  343	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	essex, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a walkin' miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easier said that done\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	estefan, gloria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anything for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stay away from you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cuts both ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't wanna lose you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everlasting love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get on your feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here we are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me, thrill me, kiss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music of my heart (with nsync)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oye mi canto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm is gonna get you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santo santo (with so pra contrariar)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the beat around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	estelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american boy (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold rush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do my thing (with janelle mon\uc2\u225\'E1\'00e)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love the way we used to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eternal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna be the only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be the only one (with cece winans)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh baby i\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  344	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	eternal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the power of a woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	etheridge, melissa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all american girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an unusual kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels would fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring me some water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chrome plated heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come to my window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry baby-piece of my heart (with joss stone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enough of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to be in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to come over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to come over (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i wanted to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like the way i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no souvenirs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nowhere to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piece of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	similar features\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunder road (with bruce springsteen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your little secret\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	etheridge, mellissa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling up\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  345	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	eurogliders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heaven (must be there)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	europe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carrie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherokee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll cry for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the final countdown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eurythmics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't ask me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the rain again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saved the world today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's alright baby's coming back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracle of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missionary man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money can\uc2\u8217\'19\'20t buy it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right by your side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex crime (1984)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sisters are doing it for themselves (with aretha franklin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there must be an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thorn in my side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when tomorrow comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would i lie to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you have placed a chill on my heart\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  346	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	evan & jaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy for this girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	evanescence\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring me to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring me to life (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call me when you're sober\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going under\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haunted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lithium\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart is broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my immortal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my last breath\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	evans blue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cold (but i'm still here)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	evans, faith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't nobody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone already\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be missing you (with puff daddy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mesmerized\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soon as i get home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soon as i get home (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gets no love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	evans, sara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a real fine place to start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	backseat of a greyhound bus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bible song\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  347	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	evans, sara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheatin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cryin' game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool, i'm a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could not ask for more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i keep looking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart can't tell you no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no place that far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o come all ye faithful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real fine place to start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saints & angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame about that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some things never change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suds in the bucket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the beat of a heart (with warren brothers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three chords & the truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll always be my baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brotha pt.2 (with angie stone & alicia keys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caramel (with city high)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gangsta lovin' (with alicia keys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me blow ya mind (with gwen stefani)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like this (with kelly rowland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tambourine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eve 6\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here's to the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leech\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  348	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	eve 6\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	open road song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	eve to adam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	school's out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everclear\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a.m. radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown eyed girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything to everyone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartspark dollarsign\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will buy you a new life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one hit wonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa monica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it all goes wrong again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everett, betty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shoop shoop song (it's in his kiss)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everett, jace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everlast\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your lights on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what it's like\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everlife\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go figure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm over it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everly brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	('til) i kissed you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	('til) i kissed you (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i have to do is dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i have to do is dream (duet)\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  349	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	everly brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bird dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bird dog (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye love (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cathy's clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cathy's clown (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	claudette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	claudette (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cryin' in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cryin' in the rain (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devoted to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebony eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebony eyes (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucille\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the wings of a nightingale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	problems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so sad (to watch good love go bad)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a message to mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temptation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temptation (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the price of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the price of love (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up little susie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up little susie (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk right back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk right back (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will i be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will i be loved (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	every mother's son\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on down to my boat\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  350	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	everything\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good thing (st. luicia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hooch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everything but the girl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't want to talk about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is strange\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	single\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking wounded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	everything changes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little big town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ewing, skip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	answer to my prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burnin' a hole in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gospel according to luke\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	example\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	midnight run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	exciters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tell him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	exies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ugly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	exile\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy for your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me one more chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang onto your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get close enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could get used to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to be a memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it'll be me\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  351	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	exile\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss you all over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart's in good hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's talking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woke up in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	explosion, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here i am\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	expos\uc2\u233\'E9\'00\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll never get over you (getting over me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in walked love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	point of no return\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seasons change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i looked at him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	extreme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get the funk out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hole hearted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than words (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i first kissed you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fabares, shelley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	johnny angel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fabian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tiger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn me loose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fabolous\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  352	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fabolous\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't deny it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she got her own (with ne-yo & jamie foxx)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trade it all pt.2 (with puff daddy & jagged edge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young'n (holla back)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fabulous thunderbirds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tuff enuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrap it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no sleep tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fagen, donald\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i.g.y.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow's girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	failure\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stuck on you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faint, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the geeks were right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	worked up so sexual\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fair, yvonne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it should have been me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fairchild, barbara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kid stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy bear song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fairchild, shelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you don't lie here anymore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fairground attraction\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	find my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faith no more\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a small victory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be aggressive\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  353	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	faith no more\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	digging the grave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	epic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evidence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling to pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from out of nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king for a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midlife crisis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gentle art of making enemies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we care a lot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faith, adam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	poor me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone else's baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the time has come\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faith, paloma\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	picking up the pieces\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faithfull, marianne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ballad of lucy jordan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come & stay with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faithless\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	god is a dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	insomnia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one step too far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reverence\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	falco\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	der kommissar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jeanny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me amadeus (chronology)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me amadeus (english)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me amadeus (german)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vienna calling\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  354	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fall out boy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little less sixteen candles, a little more ''touch me''\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	champagne for my real friends, real pain for my sham friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get busy living or get busy dying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i slept with someone in fall out boy & all i got was this stupid song written about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm like a lawyer (me & you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody puts a baby in the corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	of all the jin joints in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our lawyer made us change the name of this song so we wouldn't get sued\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's my winona\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar, we're goin' down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	switchblades & infedity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ain't a scene, it's an arms race\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fame, georgie & the blue flames\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yeh yeh\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	family force 5\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can you feel it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wobble\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	family guy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i really want for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bag of weed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't touch me (peter griffin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family guy theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	iraq lobster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	road to rhode island\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket man (stewie griffin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shipoopi (peter griffin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the freakin' fcc\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this house is freakin' sweet\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  355	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	family guy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	vasectomy song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we swing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can find it on tv (the emmys song)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	family of the year\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fancy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flames of love (piano)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fannypack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	camel toe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fantasia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't gon' beg you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truth is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i see you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	far east movement\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2gether (with roger sanchez & kanobby)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty bass (with tyga)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i die tomorrow (with bill kaulitz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i was you (omg) (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jello (with rye rye)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a g6 (with dev)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live my life (with justin bieber)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocketeer (with ryan tedder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn up the love (with cover drive)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fargo, donna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do i love you (yes in every way)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be angry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funny face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happiest girl in the whole usa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll try a little bit harder\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  356	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fargo, donna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it do feel good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that was yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't be a beacon (if your light don't shine)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	farlowe, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	out of time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	farm\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all together now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	farmer's daughter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cornfields or cadillacs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	farnham, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	age of reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chain reaction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hearts on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't ask me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sadie the cleaning lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take the pressure down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch of paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two strong hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the voice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	farras\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hollywood's not america\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	farris, dionne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passion\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  357	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fastball\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fire escape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're an ocean\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faster pussycat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	house of pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fat boys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wipe out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fat joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another round (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it poppin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it poppin' (with nelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so much more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's luv (with ashanti)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fat larry's band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	act like you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zoom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fatback band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	backstrokin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i found lovin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fatboy slim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	demons (with macy gray)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	praise you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weapon of choice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faulkner, newton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i need something\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	faust, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lights down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	feed jake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pirates of the mississippi\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  358	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	feeling, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fill my little world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i thought it was over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love it when you call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never be lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sewn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	feist\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 3 4\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	1 2 3 4 (sesame street version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad in each other\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comfort me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how come you never go there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside & out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mushaboom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my moon my man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	past in present\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	felder, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heavy metal (takin' a ride)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	feliciano, jose\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feliz navidad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be where you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	felony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the fanatic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fender, freddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before the next teardrop falls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasted days & wasted nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll lose a good thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fenix tx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my fault\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  359	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fenix tx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ben\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	katie w\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speechless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tearjerker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	threesome\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fergie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big girls don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clumsy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fergalicious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glamorous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glamorous (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	london bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party people (with nelly)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ferguson, rebecca\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	glitter and gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing's real but love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teach me how to be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too good to lose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fernandez, alejandro\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	en el jardin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no se me hace facil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	si tu supieras\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	te voy a perder\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fernandez, vicente\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a quien vas a amar mas que a mi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	adorado tormento\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amor sin cuenta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caballo alazan lucero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caballo prieto afamado\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caballo prieto azabache\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  360	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fernandez, vicente\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	el alazan y el rocillo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el cantador\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el chofer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el moro de cumpas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el potro lobo gateado\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el ultimo beso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el ultimo en la fila\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	estos celos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la derrota\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la ley del monte\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	los cazahuates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mi amigo el tordillo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	motivos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mujeres divinas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ni\uc2\u241\'F1\'00a hechicera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	para siempre\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tres regalos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	un millon de primaveras\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	volver, volver\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fernando express\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heut ist dein geburtstag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ferreira, sky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything is embarrassing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ferrell, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl's got it goin' on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ferrell, will\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	afternoon delight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boats 'n' hoes (full version) (with john c. reilly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boats 'n' hoes (with john c. reilly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me sexy\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  361	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ferrer, dennis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey hey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ferry, bryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a hard rain's gonna fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i put a spell on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss & tell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's stick together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reason or rhyme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slave to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these foolish things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fever ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i had a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	triangle walks (tiga's 1-2-3-4 remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tricky tricky (with r\uc2\u246\'F6\'00yksopp)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what else is there (with r\uc2\u246\'F6\'00yksopp)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i grow up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ffh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one of these days\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fiasco, lupe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	around my way (freedom ain't free)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b-tch bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daydreamin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how dare you (with bilal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotcha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotcha (with pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick push\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lamborghini angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show goes on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unforgivable youth (with jason evigan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words i never said (with skylar grey)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  362	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fibbers, geraldine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	richard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fiction factory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feels like heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fight\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	filter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(can't you) trip like i do (with the crystal method)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey man, nice shot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a picture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the inevitable relapse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do we go from here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	finatticz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't drop that thun thun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	finch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what it is to burn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	finck, jerad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	runaway\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fine young cannibals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't look back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ever fallen in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny come home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she drives me crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicious minds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	finger eleven\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paralyzer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	finntroll\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trollhammaren\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  363	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fiona, melanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give it to me right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it kills me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monday morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong side of a love song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fireballs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bottle of wine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	firefall\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just remember i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are the woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	firehouse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't treat me bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold the dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i live my life for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of a lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama didn't raise no fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i look into your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	firm, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	radioactive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfaction guaranteed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	first class\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beach baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fishbone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	party at ground zero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fitz & the tantrums\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moneygrabber\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fitzgerald, ella\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(if you can't sing it) you'll have to swing it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(it's only a) paper moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a fine romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a tisket a tasket\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  364	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fitzgerald, ella\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't got nothing but the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alexander's ragtime band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all by myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anything goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	basin street blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begin the beguine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black coffee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue skies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but not for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help lovin' that man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't we be friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caravan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheek to cheek\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry me a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don'cha go 'way mad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be that way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't get around much anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream a little dream of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	embraceable you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time we say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgia on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello, dolly!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how deep is the ocean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how high the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how long has this been going on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i let a song go out of my hear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only have eyes for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm glad there is a you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all right with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a crush on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got my love to keep me warm\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  365	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fitzgerald, ella\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've got rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let yourself go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's call the whole thing off (with louis armstrong)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's face the music & dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for a boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby of birdland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mack the knife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my foolish heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart belongs to daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my one & only\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nature boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night & day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	off key (desafinado)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the sunny side of the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one note samba (samba de uma nota so)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puttin' on the ritz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satin doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stairway to the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet georgia brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take the a train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lady is a tramp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they can't take that away from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this can't be love\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  366	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fitzgerald, ella\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too darn hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	top hat, white tie & tails\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is there to say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can have him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're an old smoothie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we will rock you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the lights go out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five americans, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	western union\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five bells, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moody manitoba morning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five blobs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the blob\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five finger death punch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad company\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five for fighting\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	100 years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the riddle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five man electrical band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	signs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five satins, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the still of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to the aisle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	five star\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rain or shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	system addict\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  367	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fixx, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one thing leads to another\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red skies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saved by zero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sign of the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand or fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flack, roberta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back together again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel like makin' love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first time ever i saw your face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killing me softly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killing me softly (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	making love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set the night to music (with maxi priest)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the closer i get to you (with donny hathaway)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first time ever i saw your face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i celebrate my love (with peabo bryson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got a friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flaming lips, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all we have is now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you a hypnotist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you realize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ego tripping at the gates of hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight test\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free radicals\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the morning of the magicians\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it overtakes me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my cosmic autumn rebellion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more robot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she don't use jelly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spongebob & patrick confront the psychic wall of energy\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  368	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	flaming lips, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the sound of failure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the yeah yeah yeah song (with all your power)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vein of stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yoshimi battles the pink robots pt.1\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flamingos, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i only have eyes for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flatt & scruggs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	preachin' prayin' singin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flaws\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bastille\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fleetwood mac\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as long as you follow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black magic woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go your own way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold dust woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green manalishi (with the two-prong crown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to know (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	landslide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monday morning\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  369	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fleetwood mac\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	need your love so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never going back again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no questions asked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh diane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peacekeeper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhiannon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running through the garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second hand news\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven wonders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver springs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	songbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tusk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warm ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world turning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make lovin' fun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fleetwoods, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. blue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fleming & john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ugly girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flesh for lulu\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i go crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	postcards from paradise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flight of the conchords\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	albi, the racist dragon\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  370	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	flight of the conchords\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bowies in space\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	business time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carol brown (choir of ex-girlfriends)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	demon woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foux du fafa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hiphopapotamus vs. rhymenocerous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt feelings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're into it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inner city pressure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladies of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is your weapon of choice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	most beautiful girl (in the room)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mutha'uckas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prince of parties\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prostitute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rejected\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	robots (the humans are dead)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sello tape (pencils in the wind)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugalumps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too many d-cks (on the dancefloor)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flo rida\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be on you (with ne-yo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	club can't handle me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elevator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey jasmin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the ayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it roll\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  371	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	flo rida\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right round (with ke$ha)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running back (with jessica mauboy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn around (5, 4, 3, 2, 1)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whistle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who dat girl (with akon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild ones (with sia)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flobots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	handlebars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handlebars (aris version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	floetry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	floetic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say yes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flogging molly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(no more) paddy's lament\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black friday rule\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drunken lullabies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i ever leave this world alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	requiem for a dying song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	salty dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven deadly sins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's left of the flag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	florence & the machine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breath of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cosmic love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dog days are over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drumming song\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  372	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	florence & the machine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl with one eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavy in your arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	howl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurricane drunk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss with a fist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no light, no light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rabbit heart (raise it up)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spectrum (say my name)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spectrum (say my name) (calvin harris remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what the water gave me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got the dirtee love (with dizzee rascal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got the love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flowerpot men\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's go to san francisco\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flowers, brandon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crossfire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	floyd, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring it on home to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock on wood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fluke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	atom bomb\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flux pavilion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bass cannon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flying blind\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smokescreen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flying lizards, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	money\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  373	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	flying machine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smile a little smile for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flyleaf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all around me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call you out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so sick\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	flys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	got you (where i want you)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my number\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	focus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hocus pocus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foemby, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i'm cleaning windows\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foetus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bedrock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fogelberg, dan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a love like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leader of the band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	longer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic every moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make love stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of the plan (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm of the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run for the roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same old lang syne\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fogerty, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big train (from memphis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	centerfield\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you wish it was true\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  374	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fogerty, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i saw it on tv\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	premonition\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern streamline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old man down the road\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foghat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fool for the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just want to make love to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slowride\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	folcker, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how will i know (who you are)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	folds, ben\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bruised\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	landed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' the suburbs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still fighting it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the luckiest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me (with regina spektor)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foley, red\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chattanoogie shoe shine boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one by one (with kitty wells)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugarfoot rag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee saturday night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	folk implosion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	natural one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fontaine sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hearts of stone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fontana, wayne & the mindbenders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	game of love\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  375	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fontana, wayne & the mindbenders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pamela pamela\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foo fighters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arlandria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheer up boys (your makeup is running)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darling nikki\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enough space\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everlong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everlong (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	february stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey, johnny park!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll stick around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	learn to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long road to ruin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkey wrench\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my poor brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new way home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next year\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no way back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	resolve\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rope\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  376	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	foo fighters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	see you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skin and bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stacked actors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is a call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	times like these\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up in arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking after you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wind up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fools, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	psycho chicken\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	force m.d.'s\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tender love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ford, emile & the checkmates\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what do you want to make those eyes at me for\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ford, frankie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sea cruise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ford, lita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back to the cave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close my eyes forever (with ozzy osbourne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me deadly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shot of poison\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ford, tennessee ernie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody's business but my own (with kay starr)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballad of davy crockett\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country junction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry of the wild goose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey mr. cottonpicker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hicktown\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  377	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ford, tennessee ernie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll never be free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kissin' bug boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mule train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shot gun boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sixteen tons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smokey mountain boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tailor made woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee local\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my country\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ford, willa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna be bad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foreigner\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue morning blue day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold as ice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty white boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	double vision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like the first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head games\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	headknocker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot blooded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to know what love is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	juke box hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long, long way from home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prisoner of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revon the red line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say you will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul doctor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that was yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the end of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	urgent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for a girl like you\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  378	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	foreigner\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	with heaven on our side\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	forester sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(that's what you do) when you're in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fell in love again last night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just in case\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave it alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letter home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama's never seen those eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	forever the sickest kids\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whoa oh!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	forsberg, ebba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fort minor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	petrified\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where'd you go (with holly brook)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fortunes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freedom come, freedom go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes that rainy day feeling again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storm in a teacup\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foster & allen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all these years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bunch of thyme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maggie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foster & lloyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fair shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sure thing\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  379	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	foster & lloyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what do you want from me this time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foster the people\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call it what you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop (color on the walls)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helena beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	houdini\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pumped up kicks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foster, radney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closing time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easier said than done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just call me lonesome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	labor of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody wins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas in 1880 (with pat green)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the running kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	willin' to walk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foster, stephen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful dreamer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foundations, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby, now that i've found you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	build me up buttercup\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fountains of wayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	maureen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mexican wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stacy's mom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	four aces, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heart & soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a many splendored thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mister sandman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gang that sang heart of my heart\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  380	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	four preps\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	26 miles (santa catalina)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down by the station\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	organ grinder's swing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	four tops, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no woman (like the one i've got)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ask the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby i need your loving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bernadette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help myself (sugar pie, honey bunch)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were a carpenter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all in the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's the same old song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keeper of the castle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loco in acapulco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach out i'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake me, wake me (when it's over)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing in the shadows of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still water (love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away renee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when she was my girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fowler, kevin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't touch my willie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell yeah, i like beer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fox\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	s-s-s single bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s-s-s-single bed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fox, samantha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(another woman) too many people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only wanna be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna have some fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naughty girls (need love too)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  381	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fox, samantha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	touch me (i want your body)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foxworthy, jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	redneck 12 days of christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foxx, charles & inez\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mockingbird\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foxx, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blame it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dj play a love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night extravaganza (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she got her own (with ne-yo & fabolous)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unpredictable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unpredictable (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foxy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot number\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	foxy brown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i need a man (with the letter m)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fra lippi lippo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	later\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frampton, dia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't kick the chair (with kid cudi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartless\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frampton, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i wanna be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby i love your way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day in the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you feel like we do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of the blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me the way\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  382	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	francis, cleve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love or the lack thereof\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	francis, connie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	among my souvenirs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carolina moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't break the heart that loves you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody's somebody's fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sorry i made you cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lipstick on your collar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my happiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart has a mind of it's own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty little baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	robot man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid cupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vacation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the boys are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's sorry now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	francis, mr. bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that swingin' manger\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fran\uc2\u231\'E7\'00ois, claude\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	avec la t\uc2\u234\'EA\'00te avec le coeur\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	belles belles belles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comme d'habitude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	des bises de moi pour toi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	je croyais (yesterday)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'amour fou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le t\uc2\u233\'E9\'00l\uc2\u233\'E9\'00phone pleure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sale bonhomme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	si j'avais un marteau\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tous les sha la la la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	une petite larme\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  383	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	frankie goes to hollywood\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	power of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	relax\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two tribes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frankie j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't wanna try\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how to deal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	obsession (no es amor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	obsession (no es amor) (with baby bash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suga suga (with baby bash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that girl (with mannie fresh & chamillionaire)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	franklin, aretha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(sweet sweet baby) since you've been gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(you make me feel like) a natural woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a rose is still a rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't no way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	border song (holy moses)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chain of fools\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day dreaming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do right woman, do right man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't play that song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dr. feelgood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freeway of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here we go again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house that jack built\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how many times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i knew you were waiting (with george michael)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never loved a man (the way i love you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i say a little prayer\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  384	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	franklin, aretha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll dip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it hurts like hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love pang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	respect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock steady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose is still a rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	share your love with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sisters are doing it for themselves (with eurythmics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish harlem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through the storm (with elton john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until you come back to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watch my back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's zoomin' who\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	willing to forgive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	franklin, kirk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before i die\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	franti, michael (& spearhead)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll be waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake it (with lady saw)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frantique\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	strut your funky stuff\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	franz ferdinand\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't stop feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you want to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eleanor put your boots on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucid dreams\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  385	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	franz ferdinand\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	matinee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	michael\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no you girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fallen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ulysses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fratellis, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chelsea dagger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creepin' up the backstairs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flathead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	henrietta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vince the loveable stoner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whistle for the choir\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fray, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(cable car) over my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all at once\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how to save a life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look after you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never say never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you found me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frazier river\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tangled up in texas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	freak nasty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	da' dip\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	freberg, stan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nuttin' for christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fred, john & his playboy band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	judy in disguise (with glasses)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  386	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	freddie & the dreamers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm telling you now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	free\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all right now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	freeman, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you want to dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	freemans, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	something out of nothing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	freemasons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	uninvited\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	freezepop\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brainpower\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	freheit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keeping the dream alive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	french, nicki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	total eclipse of the heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frente!\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	accidentally kelly street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bizarre love triangle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	labour of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fresh, aaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spending all my time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fresh, doug e.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the show (with slick rick)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frey, glenn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've got mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of me, part of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smuggler's blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heat is on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  387	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	frey, glenn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you belong to the city\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fricke, janie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always have always will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down to my last broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a heartache (looking for a place to happen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's stop talkin' about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's single again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me a lie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frida\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i know there's something going on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	friday, gavin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	each man kills\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	friedman, dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ariel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	friendly fires\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hawaiian air\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	friendly indians, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i know you know (psych theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	friends of distinction, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	going in circles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grazing in the grass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love or let me be lonely\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frito bandito, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the frito bandito song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frizzell, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're the reason god made oklahoma (with shelly west)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	frizzell, lefty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always late (with your kisses)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me more, more, more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you a thousand ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i overlooked an orchid\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  388	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	frizzell, lefty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want to be with you always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you've got the money, i've got the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mom & dad's waltz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saginaw, michigan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's gone, gone, gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	front 242\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	headhunter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fruit bats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're too weird\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fuel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bittersweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falls on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hemorrhage (in my hands)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	innocent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shimmer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fugazi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	waiting room\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fugees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fu-gee-la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killing me softly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killing me softly (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nappy heads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no woman no cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready or not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rumble in the jungle (with a tribe called quest, busta rhymes and forte)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweetest thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	full length\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	romeo & juliet\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  389	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fulsom, lowell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tramp\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fun boy three\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it ain't what you do it's the way that you do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't what you do it's the way that you do it (with bananarama)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our lips are sealed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	really saying something\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fun lovin' criminals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scooby snacks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fun.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carry on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sight of the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are young (with janelle mon\uc2\u225\'E1\'00e)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why am i the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	funeral party\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	n.y.c. moves to the sound of l.a.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	funicello, annette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tall paul\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	funkadelic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one nation under a groove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	funkstar deluxe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pull up to the bumper (with grace jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sun is shining (with bob marley)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fureys, the & davey arthur\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when you were sweet sixteen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	furtado, nelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all good things (come to an end)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big hoops (bigger the better)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	explode\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  390	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	furtado, nelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forca\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fotografia (with juanes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it to me (with timbaland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm like a bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in god's hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maneater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night is young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parking lot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	powerless (say what you want)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promiscuous (ralphi rosario remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promiscuous (with timbaland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say it right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sh-t on the radio (remember the day)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn off the light\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fury, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy kisses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	colette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cross my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you really love me too\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halfway to paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd never find another you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm lost without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in thoughts of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only make believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealousy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night was made for love\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  391	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	fury, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let me go lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like i've never been gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	margo don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my christmas prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once upon a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to my lovin' arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody else's girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thousand stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will you say i love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	fu-schnickens\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	true fuschnick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's up doc (with shaq)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	future\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go harder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karate chop (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic (with t.i.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neva end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same damn time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn on the lights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	futureheads\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beginning of the twist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	decent days & nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hounds of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	g love & special sauce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby's got sauce\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rodeo clowns (king britt remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	g squad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aucune fille au monde\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  392	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gabriel, juan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mi bendita tierra\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gabriel, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come talk to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	digging in the dirt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't give up (with kate bush)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	games without frontiers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovetown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shock the monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sledgehammer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solsbury hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solsbury hill (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the book of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're falling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gabrielle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of reach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gaines, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it don't matter to the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gaines, rosie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closer than close\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gainsbourg, charlotte\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lemon incest (with serge gainsbourg)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gainsbourg, serge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	'69 ann\uc2\u233\'E9\'00e \uc2\u233\'E9\'00rotique (with jane birkin)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  393	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gainsbourg, serge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ah! melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	aux armes et c\uc2\u230\'E6\'00tra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballade de melody nelson (with jane birkin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bonnie & clyde (with brigitte bardot)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comic strip (english)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comic strip (french)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elisa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harley david son of a b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	je suis venu te dire que je m'en vais\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	je t'aime moi non plus (with jane birkin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la chanson de pr\uc2\u233\'E9\'00vert\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la javanaise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'ami caouette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le poin\uc2\u231\'E7\'00onneur des lilas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lemon incest (with charlotte gainsbourg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on the beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	requiem pour un con\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sea, sex and sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sous le soleil exactement\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valse de melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vieille canaille\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gala\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freed from desire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gall, france\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ella ella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evidemment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homme tout petit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	il jouait du piano debout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la declaration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laisse tomber les filles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les sucettes\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  394	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gall, france\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	musique\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poup\uc2\u233\'E9\'00e de cire, poup\uc2\u233\'E9\'00e de son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sacr\uc2\u233\'E9\'00 charlemagne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	si maman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tout pour la musique\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tu es le soleil de ma vie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gallagher, liam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carnation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gallery\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nice to be with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	game, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	celebration (explicit) (with tyga, wiz khalifa & lil wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hate it or love it (with 50 cent)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how we do (with 50 cent)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's ride (strip club)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pot of gold (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wouldn't get far\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gang of four\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i found that essence rare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love a man in uniform\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gang starr\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dwyck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gap band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	early in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oops upside your head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you dropped a bomb on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garbage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	#1 crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	androgyny\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  395	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	garbage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bleed like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blood for poppies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't cry these tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherry lips (go baby go!)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think i'm paranoid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	milk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only happy when it rains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run baby run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex is not the enemy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut your mouth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temptation waits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world is not enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	til' the day i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untouchable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i grow up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why do you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you look so fine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gardot, melody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	worrisome heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garfunkel & oates\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	f-ck you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gay boyfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	places to rest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running with chicken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex with ducks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weed card\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  396	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	garfunkel & oates\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you, me & steve\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garfunkel, art\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bright eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only have eyes for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ninety nine miles from la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second avenue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since i don't have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garland, judy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	but the world goes round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come rain or come shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't give you anything but love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me in st. louis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the atcheson, topeka & santa fe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock-a-bye your baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swanee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's entertainment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man that got away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the trolley song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trolly song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're smiling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you made me love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zing went the strings of my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garley, rachel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't turn around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garlick, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come back\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  397	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	garner, kristin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's burn it down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garrett, leif\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i was made for dancing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garrett, sean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get it all (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	garrett, siedah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't look any further (with dennis edwards)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm yours (with el debarge & quincy jones)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gary toms empire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	7-6-5-4-3-2-1 (blow your whistle)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gaslight anthem, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	45\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gates, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save this dance for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gates, gareth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	say it isn't so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spirit in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gatlin, larry & the gatlin brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the gold in california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	houston\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gattis, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little drops of my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gaye, marvin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abraham, martin & john\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't no mountain high enough (with tammi terrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't nothing like the real thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't nothing like the real thing (with tammi terrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't that peculiar\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  398	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gaye, marvin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can i get a witness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	distant lover pt. 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	distant lover pt. 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to give it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hitch hike\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how sweet it is to be loved by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i heard it through the grapevine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could build my world around you (with tammi terrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if this world were mine (with tammi terrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be doggone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inner city blues (make me wanna holler)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it takes two (with kim weston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get it on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky lucky me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercy mercy me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	onion song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pride & joy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexual healing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stubborn kind of fellow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way love is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too busy thinkin' about my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's goin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's the matter with you baby (with mary wells)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are everything (with diana ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your precious love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your precious love (with tammi terrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're a wonderful one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're all i need to get by\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gayle, crystal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't it make my brown eyes blue\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  399	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gayle, crystal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	half the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i made a promise (with eddie rabbit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever change your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll get over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's like we never said goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've cried (the blues right out of my eyes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our love is on the faultline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody loves you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talking in your sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why have you left the one you left me for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong road again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i (with eddie rabbit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never gave up on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never miss a real good thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gaynor, gloria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't take my eyes off you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honeybee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am what i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will survive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will survive (1993 remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never can say goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gearing, ashley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me my heart & i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	geddes, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	last game of the season\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run joey run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	geggy tah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whoever you are\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  400	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	geiger, teddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for you i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these walls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gellar, sarah michelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	going through the motions\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gene loves jezebel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jealous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	motion of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	general johnson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carolina girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	general public\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tenderness\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	generation x\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kiss me deadly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	genesis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abacab\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	afterglow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	counting out time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firth on fifth (selling england by the pound)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow you follow me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home by the sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know what i like (in your wardrobe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in too deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invisible touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus he knows me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep it dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of confusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man on the corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirror man\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  401	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	genesis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	misunderstanding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no reply at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no son of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paperlate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the carpet crawlers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lamb lies down on broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	throwing it all away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight, tonight, tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trick in the tail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn it on again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gentry, bobbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ode to billy joe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gentry, montgomery\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one in every crowd\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gentrys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keep on dancing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	george baker selection, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little green bag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	george, barbara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	georgia satellites, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keep your hands to yourself\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	geraldine fibbers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	richard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gerardo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	latin til i die (oye como va)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rico suave\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  402	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gerry & the pacemakers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't let the sun catch you crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ferry cross the mersey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gerry & the pacemakers medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's gonna be all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk hand in hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never walk alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gershwin, george & ira\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bidin' my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but not for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	embraceable you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fascinating rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how long has this been going on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a crush on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh, lady be good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	's wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man i love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	geto boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	damn it feels good (to be a gangsta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my mind is playing tricks on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ghost town dj's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my boo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ghostface killah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you know i'm no good (with amy winehouse)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ghosts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world is outside\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  403	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ghoti hook\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walking on sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gibb, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(our love) don't throw it all away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an everlasting love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	andy gibb medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flowing rivers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help it (with olivia newton-john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just want to be your everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadow dancing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gibb, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	guilty (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of fool (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gibb, robin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	saved by the bell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gibbs, terri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody's knockin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gibson miller band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	red, white & blue collar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas tattoo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gibson, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wanna make you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gibson, debbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything is possible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric youth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolish beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more rhyme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only in my dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of the blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	staying together\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  404	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gibson, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue blue day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome number one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh lonesome me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sea of heartbreak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who cares\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman (sensuous woman)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gigolo aunts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i find my heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gilberto, astrud\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	corcovado (quiet nights of quiet stars)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadow of your smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl from ipanema\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gilder, nick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot child in the city\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gill, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cool it now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my my my\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gill, vince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little more love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't come crying to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let our love start slippin' away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faint of heart (with diana krall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go rest high on that mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high lonesome sound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of love (with amy grant)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how lonely looks\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  405	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gill, vince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i still believe in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will always love you (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever have forever in mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever leave me (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kindly keep it country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let there be peace on earth (with jenny gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's make sure we kiss goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liza jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you makes me a better man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kind of woman, my kind of man (with patty loveless)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never knew lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next big thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no future in the past\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oklahoma borderline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oklahoma swing (with reba mcentire)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more last chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pocket full of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty little adriana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoot straight from your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take your memory with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heart won't lie (with reba mcentire)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the key to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the reason why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	threaten me with heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tryin' to get over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what child is this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what the cowgirls do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you give away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i call your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love finds you\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  406	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gill, vince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whenever you come around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	which bridge to cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you better think twice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gilley, mickey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a headache tomorrow or a heartache tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a room full of roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't the girls all get prettier at closing time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the hurt again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise tonight (with charly mcclain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your dreams away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's pulling me back again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears for the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all that matters to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	window up above\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gilman, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the snake song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a hero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gilmer, jimmy & the fireballs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sugar shack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gin blossoms\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	allison road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as it matters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day job\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	found out about you\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  407	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gin blossoms\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey jealousy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til i hear it from you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until i fall away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gina g\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ooh aah... just a little bit (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gina g.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ooh aah... just a little bit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh aah... just a little bit (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gingerbread patriots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a story of peeple\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	donna mills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eye bear\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ginuwine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	differences\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a girl pt.2 (with puff daddy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in those jeans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so anxious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tribute to a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's so different\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when doves cry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gipsy kings\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hotel california (spanish mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh eh oh eh\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	girls aloud\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call the shots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't speak french\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think we're alone now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll stand by you\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  408	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	girls aloud\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jump (for my love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life got cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long hot summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy no no no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sound of the underground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk this way (vs. sugababes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta history\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gisselle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	quiero estar contigo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glados\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	still alive (portal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	want you gone (portal2)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glamma kid & shola ama\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	taboo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glaser, tompall\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	put another log on the fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glass candy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feeling without touching\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glass tiger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't forget me (when i'm gone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glasvegas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flowers & football tops\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	geraldine\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  409	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	glazer, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gleaming spires\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you ready for the sex girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i've had) the time of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and i am telling you i'm not going\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billionaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bills, bills, bills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bohemian rhapsody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bust your windows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't fight this feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing with myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	defying gravity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ding! dong! the witch is dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ding! dong! the witch is dead (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dog days are over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stand so close to me-young girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop believin' (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faithfully\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firework\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget you (with gwyneth paltrow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give up the funk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gives you hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold digger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halo-walking on sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy days are here again, get happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hate on me\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  410	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	glee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello, i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i dreamed a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i say a little prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll stand by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my life-confessions pt.2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jessie's girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep holding on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le jazz hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lean on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving on a jet plane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a virgin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make 'em laugh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life would suck without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no air\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o holy night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one love (people get ready)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only exception\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa can you hear me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	physical\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poker face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raise your glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rehab\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river deep, mountain high\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  411	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	glee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rumour has it, someone like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run joey run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody that i used to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere only we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	songbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start me up-livin' on a prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop in the name of love-free your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet caroline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet transvestite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a bow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me or leave me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thriller-heads will roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to sir, with love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	total eclipse of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toxic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true colors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	umbrella-singing in the rain (with gwynyth paltrow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valerie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you keep me hangin' on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glitter band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel face\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	glitter, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another rock & roll christmas\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  412	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	glitter, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you wanna touch me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello hello, i'm back again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leader of the gang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll (parts 1 & 2 megamix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll part 2\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gmcfosho\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	imdabes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gnarls barkley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone daddy gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smiley faces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who cares\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	go west\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of wishful thinking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we close our eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you won't do for love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	godley & creme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under your thumb\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	godsmack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	awake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead and broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	greed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i stand alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love-hate-sex-pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saints & sinners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  413	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	godsmack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	straight out of line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trippin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voodoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gogol bordello\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	start wearing purple\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderlust king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	go-go's, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	head over heels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our lips are sealed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unforgiven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vacation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we got the beat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gold city\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	christmas time's a comin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gold, andrew\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lonely boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let her slip away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you for being a friend (golden girls theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goldbug\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whole lotta love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	golden earring\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	radar love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twilight zone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the lady smiles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goldfinger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here in your bedroom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goldfrapp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a&e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alive\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  414	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	goldfrapp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caravan girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	number 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh la la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride a white horse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strict machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes sir, i can boogie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goldie lookin' chain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	guns don't kill people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your mother's got a p-nis\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goldsboro, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	autumn of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & the elephant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer (the first time)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gomez, selena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hit the lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live like there's no tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you like a love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gonzalez\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i haven't stopped dancing yet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gonz\uc2\u225\'E1\'00lez, jos\uc2\u233\'E9\'00\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbeats\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goo goo dolls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black balloon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broadway\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  415	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	goo goo dolls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dizzy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fiction (before it's too late)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give a little bit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here is gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	iris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long way down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	name (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	notbroken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slide (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sympathy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	good charlotte\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance floor anthem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls & boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just wanna live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep your hands off my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lifestyles of the rich & famous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like it's her birthday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	predictable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex on the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the anthem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the young & the hopeless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where would we be now\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  416	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	good, matthew\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm a window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weapon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goodie, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ned beatty had the hardest part\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so happy together\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goodies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black pudding bertha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blowing off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodies theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make a daft noise for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please let us play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sick man blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the funky gibbon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the inbetweenies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last chance dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goodrem, delta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to try\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in this life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not me, not i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goons, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the ying tong song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goot, alex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adele medley\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gordon, nina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	now i can die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight & the rest of my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gore, lesley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	judy's turn to cry\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  417	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gore, lesley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	maybe i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine, lollipops & rainbows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way boys are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't own me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gore, tony & majesty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blessed be the name of the lord\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gorillaz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	19-2000 (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	19-2000 (soulchild remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clint eastwood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clint eastwood (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clint eastwood (ed case remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dare (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty harry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doncamatic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el ma\uc2\u241\'F1\'00ana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel good inc.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel good inc. (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids with guns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on melancholy hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pirate jet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	re-hash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhinestone eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stylo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superfast jellyfish\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gosdin, vern\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chiseled in stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you believe me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're gonna do me wrong (do it right)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  418	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gosdin, vern\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm still crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it raining at your house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set 'em up joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that just about does it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ain't my first rodeo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way down deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who you gonna blame it on this time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gospel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amazing grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels to watch over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ave maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bandaid song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blessed assurance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	books of the new testament\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	books of the old testament\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cartoons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep & wide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dry bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	excuses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father abraham\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me oil in my lamp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go tell it on the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god is bigger (than the boogie man)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavenly sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's got the whole world in his hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's still working on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how great thou art\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am a ''c''\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am a promise\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  419	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gospel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm in the lord's army\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it is no secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus loves me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus loves the little children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus wants me for a sunbeam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just as i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kumbaya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	onward christian soldiers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace like a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock of ages\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock-a-my soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet by & by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the b-i-b-l-e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lord is my shepherd\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wise man built this house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this little light of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a friend we have in jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the roll is called up yonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the saints go marching in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whispering hope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who did swallow jonah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zacchaeus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gossip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heavy cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealous girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love long distance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move in the right direction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing in the way of control\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  420	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gotti, yo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	look in the mirror\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gotye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eyes wide open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody that i used to know (with kimbra)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	goulding, ellie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything could happen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	explosions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	figure 8\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guns & horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starry eyed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the writer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the sheets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gourds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gin & juice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gowan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a criminal mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight desires\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're a strange animal\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gracin, josh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothin' to lose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay with me (brass bed)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we weren't crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	graham, driicky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	snapbacks & tattoos\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	graham, larry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one in a million\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	graham, tammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tell me again\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  421	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gramm, lou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just between you & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight blue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grammer, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fine by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep your head up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grand funk railroad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	footstompin' music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your captain closer to home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean mistreater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shinin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some kind of wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the loco-motion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk like a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're an american band\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grand, gil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i already fell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's start livin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grandaddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he's simple, he's dumb, he's the pilot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hewlett's daughter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the group who couldn't say\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grandmaster flash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the message\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white lines (don't don't do it)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grandpa jones\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	christmas guest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mountain dew\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grant lee buffalo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	truly truly\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  422	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	grant, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arms of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big yellow taxi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el shaddai\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emmanuel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everywhere i go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father's eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find a way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	galileo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grown-up christmas list\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of love (with vince gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have decided\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be your friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will remember you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not a song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lead me on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next time i fall in love (with peter cetera)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say once more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing your praise to the lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay for a while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	takes a little time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what love is for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the things we do for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thy word\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  423	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	grant, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two of a kind, working on a full house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wise up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grant, eddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you feel my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric avenue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme hope jo'anna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grant, gogi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the wayward wind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grant, natalie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in better hands\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grascals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	viva las vegas (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grass roots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's live for today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight confessions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sooner or later\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temptation eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two divided by love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait a million years\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grateful dead, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alabama getaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	box of rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	casey jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	china cat sunflower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold rain & snow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cumberland blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' that rag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't ease me in\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  424	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	grateful dead, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fire on the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	franklin's tower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friend of the devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell in a bucket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ripple\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scarlet begonias\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar magnolia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugaree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	throwing stones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch of grey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truckin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u.s. blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncle john's band\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gravediggaz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1-800-suicide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gravity kills\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gray, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	babylon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hospital food\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please forgive me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say hello, wave goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this year's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me (with eva cassidy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the world to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gray, dobie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drift away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in crowd\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  425	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	gray, macy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amor\uc2\u233\'E9\'00 (sexo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cell block tango (with queen latifah & lil' kim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	demons (with fatboy slim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i try\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	request line (with black eyed peas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexual revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i see you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why didn't you call me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grayson, hugh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't we talk it over in bed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	great divide\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	san isabella\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	great luke ski, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	88 lines about 44 simpsons\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	great plains\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancin' with the wind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	great white\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	house of broken love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once bitten twice shy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin' stoned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasted rock ranger\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	green day\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	21 guns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american eulogy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american idiot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are we waiting saint jimmy\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  426	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	green day\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	basket case\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before the lobotomy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boulevard of broken dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brain stew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brain stew-jaded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burnout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	castaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christian's inferno\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming clean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emenius sleepus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extraordinary girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f.o.d.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	geek stink breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me novacaine she's a rebel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good riddance (time of your life)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	having a blast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hitchin' a ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homecoming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	horseshoes & handgrenades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fought the law\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus of suburbia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	know your enemy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night on earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last of the american girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let yourself go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letterbomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	longview\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minority\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	murder city\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  427	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	green day\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nice guys finish last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peacemaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pulling teeth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	restless heart syndrome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saints are coming (with u2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sassafras roots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stray heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the static age\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	viva la gloria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	viva la gloria (little girl)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake me up when september ends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking contradiction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatsername\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i come around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	green jelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anarchy in the u.k.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three little pigs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	green, al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me (come back home)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full of fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funny how time slips away (with lyle lovett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am (come & take me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how can you mend a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.o.v.e.\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  428	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	green, al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's stay together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look what you done for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a little love in your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a little love in your heart (with annie lennox)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sha-la-la (make me happy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me to the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tired of being alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you ought to be with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your heart's in good hands\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	green, pat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carry on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like it should\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas in 1880 (with radney foster)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wave on wave\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	greenbaum, norman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spirit in the sky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	greene, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish i didn't have to miss you (with jeannie seely)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	greene, lorne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ringo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	greenes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm so happy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	greenwood, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before i'm ever over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool's gold\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  429	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	greenwood, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	god bless the usa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hearts aren't made to break (they're made to love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't mind the thorns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never thought your memory would ever go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i.o.u.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocks that you can't move\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's gonna love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the great defenders\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	greg allman band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm no angel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	greg kihn band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jeopardy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the breakup song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gregg, ricky lynn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can you feel it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three nickels & a dime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to find where i belong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gregory brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bed intruder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't hug every cat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gregory, clinton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you didn't miss a thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	griffin, alistair\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you & me tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	griffin, clive\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i fall in love (with celine dion)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	griffin, patty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one big love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	griffith, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fishin' hole (andy griffith theme)\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  430	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	griffith, nanci\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	from clare to here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	griffiths, marcia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	electric boogie (electric slide)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	griggs, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how cool is that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll go crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	practice life (with martina mcbride)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i wanna be your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you made me that way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you won't ever be lonely\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gripp, parry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl at the video game store\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last train to awesome town (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last train to awesome town (solo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grizzly bear\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two weeks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two weeks (fred falke remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while you wait for the others\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while you wait for the others (with michael mcdonald)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	groban, josh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	to where you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you raise me up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	groce, larry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	junk food junkie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gronemeyer, herbert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mensch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	groove armada\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i see you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song 4 mutya\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  431	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	groove generation\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you make me feel like dancing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	groove theory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby luv\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	groovy goolies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chick-a-boom (don't ye jes love it)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gross, henry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shannon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	grouplove\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	itchin' on a photograph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tongue tied\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	g-spot boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stanky legg\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guano apes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	open your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gucci mane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sex in crazy places (with nicki minaj, bobby valentino & trina)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guerra, juan luis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	palomita blanca\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guess who, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a wednesday in your garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	albert flasher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bus rider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clap for the wolfman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancin' fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow your daughter home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glamour boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hand me down world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on to your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laughing\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  432	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	guess who, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life in the bloodstream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no sugar tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no sugar tonight-new mother nature\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' back to saskatoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shakin' all over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	share the land\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sour suite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	undun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guetta, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby when the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every chance we get we run (with alesso, tegan & sara)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gettin' over you (with fergie & lmfao)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can only imagine (with chris brown and lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one last time (with taped rai)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laserlight (with jessie j)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bad girl (with taio cruz & ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories (with kid cudi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night of your life (with jennifer hudson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she wolf (falling to pieces) (with sia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	titanium (with sia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn me on (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where them girls at (with flo rida and nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where them girls at (with flo-rida & nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you (with usher)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guided by voices\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold on hope\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  433	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	guild, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you wanna date my avatar (rap bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you wanna date my avatar (with rap)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the one that's cool\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gummy bear\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm your funny bear\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gun\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	word up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	g-unit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby u got\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beg for mercy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	g-unit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so hood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my buddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poppin' them thangs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stunt 101\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanna get to know you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gunne, jo jo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	run run run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guns n' roses\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't it fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back off b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chinese democracy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	civil war\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry (original)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	estranged\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's so easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knockin' on heaven's door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knockin' on heaven's door (with ad lib)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live & let die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. brownstone\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  434	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	guns n' roses\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my michelle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightrain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	november rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patience\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shackler's revenge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since i don't have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so fine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet child o' mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sympathy for the devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	used to love her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the jungle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you could be mine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gurvitz, adrian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	classic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gus gus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ladyshave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polyesterday (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starlovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage sensation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guster\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amsterdam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	careful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fa fa (never be the same again)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one man wrecking machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satellite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is how it feels to have a broken heart\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  435	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	guthrie, arlo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alice's restaurant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city of new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming to los angeles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guthro, bruce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	guy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's chill\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gwar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gor-gor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let us slay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	techno's song (no intro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	gym class heroes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ass back home (with neon hitch)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clothes off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cookie jar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cupid's chokehold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stereo hearts (with adam levine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fighter (with ryan tedder)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	h.i.m.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the basics of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wings of a butterfly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	h20\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what's it gonna be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hackett, buddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shipoopi\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	haddaway\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is love\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  436	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hagar, sammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heavy metal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't drive 55\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little white lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mas tequila\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's only one way to rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three lock box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love is driving me crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hagen, nina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	du hast den farbfilm vergessen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	universal radio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	haggard, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amnesia\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	haggard, merle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a working man can't get nowhere today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america first\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	branded man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carolyn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherokee maiden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy frank (the guitar man)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going where the lonely go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hungry eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am an island\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i take a lot of pride in what i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think i'll just stay here & drink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we make it through december\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we're not back in love by monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not love but it's not bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just stay here & drink\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  437	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	haggard, merle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kentucky gambler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	legend of bonnie & clyde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's chase each other around the room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make up & faded blue jeans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama tried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama's hungry eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	movin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's darlin' but mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	okie from muskogee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pancho & lefty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pancho & lefty (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	politically uncorrect (with gretchen wilson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow stew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ramblin' fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she ain't hooked on me no more (with toby keith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing me back home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday when things are good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swingin' doors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way love goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way love goes (with jewel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bottle let me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bull & the beaver (with lucinda williams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fightin' side of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fugitive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today i started loving you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truck driver's blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twinkle twinkle lucky star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	workin' man's blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hain, marshall\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancing in the street\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  438	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	haircut 100\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fantastic day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	favourite shirts (boy meets girl)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love plus one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	halestorm\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	familiar taste of poison\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here's to us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get off\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	haley, bill & his comets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock around the clock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock-a-beatin' boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see you later alligator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake, rattle & roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hall & oates\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adult education\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did it in a minute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't go for that (no can do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bell rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss on my list\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maneater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	method of modern love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one on one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	private eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rich girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sara smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say it isn't so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so close\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	throw the roses away\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  439	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hall & oates\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you make my dreams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hall, aaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the places (i will kiss you)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hall, daryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreamtime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in a philly mood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hall, tom t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a week in a country jail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faster horses (the cowboy & the poet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like beer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old dogs, children & watermelon wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ravishing ruby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that song is driving me crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the year that clayton delaney died\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tulsa telephone book\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	halliwell, geri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	desire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's raining men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream if you wanna go faster\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hamilton IV, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abilene\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hamilton park\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	thing called us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hamilton, anthony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	writing on the wall\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  440	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hamilton, joe frank & reynolds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't pull your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin' in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hamilton, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ebb tide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hammond, albert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free electric band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it never rains in southern california\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	handsome boy modeling school\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've been thinking (with cat power)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hanoi rocks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boulevard of broken dreams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hansard, glen & marketa irglova\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling slowly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hanson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will come to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if only\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost without each other\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mmm bop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mmm bop (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinkin' bout something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this time around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where's the love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hanson, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half a heart tattoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this far gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	happenings, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i got rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see you in september\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  441	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	happy goodmans\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jesus is coming soon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	happy hardcore\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never ending story\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	happy mondays\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	24 hour party people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kinky afro\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loose fit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stinkin' thinkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine & love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrote for luck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	har mar superstar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dui\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hard-fi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't get along\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hardman, gloria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	meet me with your black drawers on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hardy, fran\uc2\u231\'E7\'00oise\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	comment te dire adieu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	des ronds dans l'eau\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	j'suis d'accord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'amitie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mon amie la rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tamalou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tous les garcons et les filles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harley, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here comes the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	judy teen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me smile (come up and see me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. soft\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  442	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	harling, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring it on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming back for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa bear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes the neighborhood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	write it in stone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harper, ben\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	diamonds on the inside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steal my kisses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, anita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trains & boats & planes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, calvin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	acceptable in the 80's\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bounce (with kelis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance wiv me (with dizzee rascal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drinking from the bottle (with tinie tempah)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel so close\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flashback\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go (with ne-yo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merrymaking at my place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready for the weekend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet nothing (with florence welch)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll be coming back (with example)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you used to hold me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, emmylou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(you never can tell) c'est la vie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad moon rising\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beneath still waters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue kentucky girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to run\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  443	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	harris, emmylou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbreak hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could only win your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost his love on our last date\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	making believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o little town of bethlehem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of these days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin' & ramblin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roses in the snow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the last dance for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two more bottles of wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wayfaring stranger\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, major\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love won't let me wait\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, peppermint\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i got loaded\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	macarthur park\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, rolf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	court of king caractacus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stairway to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tie me kangaroo down, sport\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we were two little boys\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harris, thurston\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little bitty pretty one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harrison, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all those years ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bangladesh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blow away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheer down\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  444	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	harrison, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give me love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got my mind set on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	isn't it a pity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sweet lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we was fab\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harrison, wilbert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kansas city\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harry, debbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	french kissin' in the usa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well did you evah (with iggy pop)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hart, beth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	l.a. song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hart, corey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunglasses at night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hart, freddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	easy loving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got the all overs for you (all over me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my hang-up is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super kind of woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hart, jonn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who booty (with iamsu)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hart, tara lyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't ever let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuff that matters\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hartford, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big rock candy mountain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hartman, dan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can dream about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	instant replay\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  445	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hartman, dan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	relight my fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harvey danger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cream & bastards rise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flagpole sitta\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	harvey, pj\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'mon billy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down by the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good fortune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one line\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hasselhoff, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do the limbo dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highway to your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it s a real good feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been looking for freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump in my car\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hatfield, juliana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my sister\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hathaway, donny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the closer i get to you (with roberta flack)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	havas, lianne la\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elusive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	havens, richie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here comes the sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hawaiian ryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	weenie in a bottle (solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weenie in a bottle (trio)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hawke, seth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call it maybe (nfl replacement officials parody)\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  446	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hawkins, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mary lou\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hawkins, screamin' jay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i put a spell on you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hawkins, sophie b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as i lay me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	damn, i wish i was your lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lose your way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hawkins, tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chick-fil-a\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cletus take the reel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey there delilah (samson's lament)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paintball wizard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	songs shortened for ADD\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the dog's on fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hawthorne heights\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ohio is for lovers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hawthorne, mayer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the walk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hay, colin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	waiting for my real life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hayes, amber\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i built this wall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hayes, darren\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	darkness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	insatiable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange relationship\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hayes, isaac\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	theme from shaft\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on by\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  447	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hayes, wade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you sleep at night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still dancin' with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old enough to know better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a good night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tore up from the floor up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up north (down south, back east, out west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i meant to say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the wrong one loves you right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	haymes, dick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it might as well be spring\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hayseed dixie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	highway to hell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hayward, justin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever autumn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	haywire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance desire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hazlewood, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	did you ever (with nancy sinatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackson (with nancy sinatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some velvet morning (with nancy sinatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer wine (with nancy sinatra)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	head automatica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	graduation day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	head east\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never been any reason (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	head, murray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one night in bangkok\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	head, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	treat her right\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  448	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	headley, heather\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he is\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	headpins, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't it make you feel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heap, imogen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodnight & go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	headlock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speeding cars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait it out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hear'say\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pure & simple\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i wanna do is make love to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	barracuda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dog & butterfly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamboat annie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fanatic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin' at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell it like it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the woman in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' good (with sarah mclachlan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what about love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who will you run to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you be there (in the morning)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  449	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	heartland\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i loved her first\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once a woman gets a hold of your heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heatherly, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flowers on the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swimming in champagne\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heatwave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always & forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the groove line\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heaven 17\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come live with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heavy d & the boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black coffee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got me waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it good to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that we've found love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nuttin' but love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heavy, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what makes a good man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hebb, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sunny\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heckendorf, zach\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the right places\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hedlund, garrett\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hard out here (country strong)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heights, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how do you talk to an angel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	heinz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just like eddie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hellogoodbye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here (in your arms)\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  450	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	helloween\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dr. stein\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever & one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hellwig, margot & maria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	der geburtstagsjodler\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	helmet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just another victim (with house of pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unsung\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	helms, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fraulein\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bell rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my special angel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hemmings, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back street mirror\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hendrix, jimi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1983\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all along the watchtower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you experienced\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	castles made of sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cross town traffic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crosstown traffic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foxy lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if 6 was 9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little miss lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little wing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long hot summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manic depression\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	purple haze\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  451	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hendrix, jimi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	red house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stone free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the burning of the midnight lamp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wind cries mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voodoo chile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got me floating\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hendrix, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	henley, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all she wants is to dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys of summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty laundry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for my wedding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will not go quietly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's so easy (with sheryl crow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leather & lace (with stevie nicks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york minute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not enough love in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sit down you're rockin' the boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes love just ain't enough (with patty smyth)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunset grill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taking you home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the end of the inocence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heart of the matter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last worthless evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through your hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkaway joe (with trisha yearwood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me at all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	henry, clarence ''frogman''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't got no home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but i do\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  452	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	henry, clarence ''frogman''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you always hurt the one you love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hepburn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bugs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	her majesty & the wolves\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stars in your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	herb, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sunny\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	herd, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	from the underworld\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	herman's hermits\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a must to avoid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't you hear my heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	herman's hermits medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	herman's hermits medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm henry the VIII, i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm henry VIII, i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm into something good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a little bit better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mrs. brown you've got a lovely daughter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no milk today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silhouettes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleepy joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's happening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a kind of hush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	years may come, years may go\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  453	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hermes house band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	que sera sera\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hernandez, patrick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to be alive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	herndon, ty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a man holdin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands of a working man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart half empty (with stephanie bentley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heather's wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have to surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it must be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in a moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no mercy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what mattered most\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hersh, kristin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your ghost\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hewett, colleen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreaming my dreams with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hewitt, jennifer love\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barenaked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i deal\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hi five\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can't wait another minute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never should've let you go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hi gloss\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you'll never know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hi tack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's dance (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hicks, taylor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i've had) the time of my life (with katharine mcphee)\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  454	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hicks, taylor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do i make you proud\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	higgins, bertie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	casablanca\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	key largo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	higgins, missy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	peachy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sound of white\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the special two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is how it goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where i stood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	highway 101\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bing bang boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you love me just say yes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it must be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bed you made for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' talkin' cryin' barely beatin' broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey, if you were a woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	highwaymen, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cotton fields\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highwayman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it is what it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	michael row the boat ashore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hill toppers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	marianne\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hill, benny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	andalucian gypsies\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  455	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hill, benny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ernie (the fastest milkman in the west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jose's cantina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	older woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hill, dan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't we try (with vonda shepherd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes when we touch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hill, faith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a man's home is his castle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bringing out the elvis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't do that anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i should fall behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i'm not in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if my heart had wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it matters to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it will be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your love (with tim mcgraw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just about now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just to hear you say you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me let go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go to vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's make love (with tim mcgraw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like we never loved at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like we never loved at all (with tim mcgraw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  456	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hill, faith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love ain't like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a sweet thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mississippi girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piece of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red umbrella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone else's dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star spangled banner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stealing kisses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine & summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me as i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how love moves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lucky one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the secret of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there will come a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there you'll be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's in it for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the lights go down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't lose me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're still here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hill, jordan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	destiny (with billy porter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the love of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember me this way\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  457	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hill, lauryn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't take my eyes off of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doo wap (that thing)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything is everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ex-factor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost ones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing even matters (with d'angelo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh happy days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweetest thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to zion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the lights down low (with bob marley)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hillside singers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'd like to teach the world to sing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hilson, keri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change me (with akon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good things (with rich boy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty girl rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow dance (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way i are (with timbaland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turnin' me on (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hilton, paris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothing in this world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars are blind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hilton, tyler\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how love should be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it comes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	him\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wings of a butterfly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hinder\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better than me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get stoned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lips of an angel\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  458	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hinder\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	up all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hives, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hate to say i told you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	main offender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk idiot walk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ho, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the hukilau song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tiny bubbles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hobbs, becky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can't fight this feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get over them together (with moe bandy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk back trembling lips\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hoffman, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i wanted was you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hoku\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another dumb blonde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	awful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebrity skin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doll parts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold dust woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	malibu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	violet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holiday, billie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody's business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the way\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  459	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	holiday, billie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	but beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come rain or shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy he calls me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't explain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry 'bout me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy living\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of a love affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for all we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for heaven's sake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glad to be unhappy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gloomy sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god bless the child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good morning heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harbour lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's funny that way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't give you anything but love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get along without you very well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hear music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a fool to want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it might as well be spring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's easy to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one more chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love for sale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight in vermont\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night & day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orange colored sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solitude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange fruit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	them there eyes\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  460	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	holiday, billie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	travelin' light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tweedle dee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the real thing comes along\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	violets for your furs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a difference a day makes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know what love is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my thrill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've changed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holiday, j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suffocate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holiday, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and i am telling you i'm not going\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holland, greg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i come back (i wanna be my dog)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holliday, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	starry eyed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hollies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bus stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carrie-anne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gasoline alley bred\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he ain't heavy, he's my brother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i go again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holliedaze (hollies medley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't let go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't tell the bottom from the top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i needed someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jennifer eccles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let love pass\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  461	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hollies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	long cool woman (in a black dress)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a carousel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry suzanne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop stop stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspended animation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the air that i breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're through\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes i will\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holloway, brenda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you've made me so very happy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holly, buddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i don't care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bo diddley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown eyed handsome man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buddy holly medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buddy holly medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buddy holly medley 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buddy holly medley 4\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying, waiting, hoping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	early in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool's paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna love you, too\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it doesn't matter anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's so easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	learning the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is strange\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  462	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	holly, buddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love's made a fool of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mailman, bring me no more blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight shift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not fade away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peggy sue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peggy sue got married\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raining in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rave on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready teddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reminiscing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock around with ollie vee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take your time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that'll be the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what they say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think it over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valley of tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well... all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hollywood argyles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alley oop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hollywood beyond\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what's the color of money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hollywood undead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  463	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hollywood undead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everywhere i go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my black dahlia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no. 5\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	undead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holman, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey there lonely girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holmes, monty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave my mama out of this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holmes, rupert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	escape (pi\uc2\u241\'F1\'00a colda song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	escape (the pina colada song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holt, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	help me make it thorugh the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll take melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. bojangles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	holy, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brand new girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't make me beg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good morning beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not breakin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock a bye heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a beautiful day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hombres\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let it out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	homer & jethro\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't let the stars get in your eyeballs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el paso #2\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  464	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	homer & jethro\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he'll have to go #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby of birddog\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hometown boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tres ramitas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hometown news\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	minivan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheels\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hondells, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little honda\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	honey cone, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	want ads\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	honeycombs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	have i the right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	honeydrippers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sea of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	honeymoon suite\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new girl now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what does it take\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hoobastank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crawling in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is gonna hurt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hoodoo gurus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1000 miles away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like wow wipe out\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  465	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hoodoo gurus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	miss freelove '69\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's my scene\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hooker, john lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boom boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one bourbon, one scotch, one beer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hoop, jesca\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big fish\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hoosiers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye mr. a\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hooters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all you zombies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and we danced\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satellite\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hootie & the blowfish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drowning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hannah jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold my hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i go blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let her cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not even the trees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only wanna be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running from an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad caper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old man & me\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  466	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hootie & the blowfish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the old man and me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tootie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tucker's town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hooverphonic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mad about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hope, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	thanks for the memory\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hopkin, mary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock knock who's there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those were the days\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	horne, lena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let it snow! let it snow! let it snow!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stormy weather\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hornsby, bruce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every little kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbows cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow's cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk in the sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hornsby, bruce & the range\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mandolin rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the river runs low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way it is\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	horrors, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	count in fives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gloves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monica gems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she is the new thing\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  467	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	horton, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	battle of new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky-tonk man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny reb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	north to alaska\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sink the bismarck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the battle of new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mansion you stole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it's springtime in alaska\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel in your arms\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hot chelle rae\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bleed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hot chip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one life stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over & over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready for the floor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hot chocolate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brother louie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every 1's a winner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it started with a kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no doubt about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so you win again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you sexy thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you sexy thing-every 1's a winner-so you win again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hot hot heat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bandages\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight goodnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	middle of nowhere\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  468	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hot hot heat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	talk to me, dance with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hot house flowers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hot rize\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hough, julianne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my hallelujah song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that song in my head\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	house of pain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jump around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shamrocks & shenanigans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's the man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	house, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little by little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is me missing you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	housemartins, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caravan of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five get over excited\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy hour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me and the farmer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sheep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the people who grinned themselves to death\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	houston, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a woman always knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	after closing time (with barbara mandrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	almost persuaded #2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby baby (i know you're a lady)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a little faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' in a house full of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my elusive dreams (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  469	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	houston, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	with one exeption\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you mean the world to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	houston, marques\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pullin' on her hair\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	houston, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let there be one cowboy left\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	houston, thelma\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't leave me this way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	houston, walter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	september song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	houston, whitney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all at once\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the man that i need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebrate (with jordin sparks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could i have this kiss forever (with enrique iglesias)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	count on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't we almost have it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exhale (shoop shoop)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak hotel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how will i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in you & me (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in you & me (from preacher's wife)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i didn't know my own strength\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know him so well (with cissy houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i learned from the best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i look to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i look to you (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love the lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna dance with somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will always love you\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  470	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	houston, whitney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i told you that (with george michael)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you say my eyes are beautiful (with jermaine jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm every woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your baby tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your baby tonight (europe version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not right but it's okay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not right but it's okay (thunderpuss mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus loves me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will save the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	million dollar bill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart is calling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love is your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my name is not susan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one moment in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of those days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same script, different cast (with deborah cox)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saving all my love for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so emotional\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody bigger than you & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star spangled banner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step by step\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greatest love of all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the star spangled banner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try it on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until you come back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatchulookinat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you believe (with mariah carey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do broken hearts go\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  471	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	houston, whitney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who would imagine a king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why does it hurt so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you give good love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you were loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never stand alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	how to destroy angels\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a drowning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the space in between\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	howard, adina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freak like me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	howard, miki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody like you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	howard, rebecca lynn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forgive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out here in the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's why i hate pontiacs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when my dreams come true\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	h-town\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	knockin' da boots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thin line between love & hate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hudson, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and i am telling you i'm not going\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i remember me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one gonna love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spotlight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hudson, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	west coast poplock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hue & cry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	labour of love\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  472	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hue & cry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	looking for linda\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hues corporation\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock the boat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hugo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	99 problems\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	huld, hafdis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	action man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	human league\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(keep feeling) fascination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	louise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love action\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirror man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lebanon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lebanon (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together in electric dreams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	humble pie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	30 days in the hole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot 'n' nasty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't need no doctor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	natural born bugie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hummon, marcus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honky tonk mona lisa\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	humperdinck, engelbert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a chance to be a hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a man without love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a man without love (dance version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	after the lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i have to do is dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	am i that easy to forget\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  473	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	humperdinck, engelbert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bella italia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't you see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	columns of gray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eternally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les bicyclettes de belsize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will set you free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quando quando quando\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red roses for my lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	release me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last waltz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way it used to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this moment in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the man in the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter world of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hunter, alfonzo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	weekend thang\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hunter, ian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cleveland rocks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hunter, ivory joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	since i met you baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hunter, jesse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	long legged hannah\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hunter, tab\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young love\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  474	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hurricane chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a bay bay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hurt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falls apart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hush hush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sex party\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	husky, ferlin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country music is here to stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cuzz yore so sweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallen star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavenly sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stop lovin you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel better all over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hear little rock calling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i really don't want to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little tom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money greases the wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my reason for loving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	timber i'm falling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wings of a dove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	huston, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lookin' the wolf in the eye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hutchinson, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	watching you watch him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hutton, betty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's oh so quiet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hybrid mutants\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one more beer\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  475	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	hyland, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ginny come lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	itsy bitsy teenie weenie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sealed with a kiss\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hyman, phyllis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	old friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	hynde, chrissie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakfast in bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you babe (with ub40)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	i love egg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	egg song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	i mother earth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	levitate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iamdynamite\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	where will you go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ian, janis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at seventeen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days like these\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from me to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	society's child (baby i've been thinking)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ice cube\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bonnie & clyde theme (with yo-yo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bop gun (one nation)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check yo self\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check yo self (das efx remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down for whatever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it was a good day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it was a good day (radio remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once upon a time in the projects\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	really doe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u ain't gonna take my life\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  476	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ice cube\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we be clubbin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can do it (with mack 10 & ms. toi) (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can do it (with mack 10 & ms. toi) (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know how we do it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ice mc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ok. corral!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ice t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	colors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls l.g.b.n.a.f.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	icehouse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby you're so strange\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we can get together\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	icicle works\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whisper to a scream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ides of march, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	vehicle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	idol, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	billy idol medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cradle of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing with myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eyes without a face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flesh for fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot in the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.a. woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mony mony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mony mony (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebel yell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebel yell (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  477	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	idol, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shock to the system\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to be a lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white wedding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white wedding (literal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked wedding mashup (vs. chris isaak)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ifield, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	confessin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovesick blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iglesias, enrigue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like it (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iglesias, enrique\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bailamos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could i have this kiss forever (with whitney houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creed (with whitney houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty dancer (with usher)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you know (ping pong song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't turn off the lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	escape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like how it feels (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not in love (with kelis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ritmo total (rhythm divine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight (i'm loving you) (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iglesias, julio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  478	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	iglesias, julio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	to all the girls i've loved before (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	II d extreme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i knew then (what i know now)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	IIIrd tyme out\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	raining in l.a.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rapture (tastes so sweet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ikettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	peaches 'n' cream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	il divo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dentro uno altro si\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime i look at you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nella fantasia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ti amero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbreak my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	images in vogue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the house\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	imagination\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	body talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flashback\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just an illusion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	imagine dragons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amsterdam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	demons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's time\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  479	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	imagine dragons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	radioactive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tiptoe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	imbruglia, natalie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beauty on the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big mistake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come september\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	counting down the days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you think\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glorious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	identify\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	intuition\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never tear us apart (with tom jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	torn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	torn (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing i was there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong impression\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	immature\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	constantly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover's groove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watch me do my thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	impressions, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amen (with curtis mayfield)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for your precious love (with jerry butler)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so proud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	its all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it easy on yourself (with jerry butler)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people get ready\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  480	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	imx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	in flames\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crawl through knives\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	in living color\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black or white (tommy davidson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't touch this (tommy davidson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cook it with salt-n-pepa (kim wayans)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imposter (jim carrey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my songs are mindless (kim wayans)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promise of a thin me (kelly coffield)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white white baby (jim carrey)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	in this moment\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	inc, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	down 4 u (trio)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	incubus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dig\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nice to know you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pardon me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stellar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk shows on mute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the warmth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish you were here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	indeep\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	last night a dj saved my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	india\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	seduceme\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  481	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	india.arie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i am not my hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peaceful world (with john cougar mellencamp)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the little things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	video\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	indigo girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closer to fine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer to fine (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fill it up again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	galileo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	galileo (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna talk about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	least complicated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little perennnials\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power of two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	share the moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	indochine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you spin me 'round (like a record)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	industry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	state of the nation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	infant sorrow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	african child (trapped in me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bangers beans and mash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f.o.h.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	furry walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gang of lust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackie q\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  482	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	infant sorrow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just say yes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riding daphne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	searching for a father\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the clap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yeah yeah oi oi\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	infernal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	from paris to berlin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	information society\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's on your mind (pure energy)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ingram, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how many days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lips of an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	measure of a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wherever you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ingram, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby come to me (with patti austin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever more (i'll be the one)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me forever (i do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you keep the music playing (with patti austin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't have the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just once\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one hundred ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere out there (with linda ronstadt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's no easy way\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  483	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ingram, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	treat her right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever we imagine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you love someone (with anita baker)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where did my heart go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yah mo b there (with michael mcdonald)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ingram, luther\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if loving you is wrong i don't want to be right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ink spots, The\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my wild irish rose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	inner circle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	da bomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	games people play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ob-la-di, ob-la-da\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer jamming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweat (a la la la la long)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	inner city\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good life (buena vida)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	inoj\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time after time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	insane clown posse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chicken huntin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	inspiral carpets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is how it feels\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  484	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	interactiv\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever young (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	interpol\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mammoth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	obstacle 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pioneer to the falls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow hands\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	intruders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cowboys to girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	inxs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	afterglow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by my side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil inside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disappear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elegantly wasted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good & bad times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i send a message\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss the dirt (falling down the mountain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen like thieves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mystify\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	need you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never tear us apart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new sensation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not enough time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	original sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shining star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suicide blonde\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  485	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	inxs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the one thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you need\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iris, donnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ah! leah!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	irish mist\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the mountains of mourne\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	irish rovers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drunken sailor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the unicorn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasn't that a party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey in the jar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	irish standards\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bit of heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cockles and mussels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear old donegal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did your mother come from ireland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	galway bay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll take you home again kathleen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	irish molly o'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mcnamara's band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minstrel boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	molly malone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my wild irish rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	notre dame victory march\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the black velvet band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gypsy rover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the isle of innisfree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the minstrel boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mountains of mourne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rose of tralee\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  486	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	irish standards\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the spinning wheel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wild colonial boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wild rover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too ra loo ra (irish lullaby)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ra!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	water is wide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wearin' o' green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when irish eyes are smiling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey in the jar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who threw the overalls in mrs. murphy's chowder\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iron & wine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flightless bird, american mouth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iron butterfly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in-a-gadda-da-vida\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iron maiden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 minutes to midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	aces high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be quick or be dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i play with madness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	different world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fear of the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallowed be thy name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holy smoke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phantom of the opera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revelations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to the hills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the evil men that do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the number of the beast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the trooper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasted years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wildest dreams\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  487	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	iron maiden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wrathchild\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	isa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	movin' like bernie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	isaacs, gregory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i see an elephant fly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	isaacs, sonya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've forgotten how you feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my way to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	isaak, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby did a bad bad thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue hotel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't do a thing (to stop me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	graduation day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me down easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life will go on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san francisco days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solitary man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's cryin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think of tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked game (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked wedding mashup (vs. billy idol)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	isley brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	behind a painted smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between the sheets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blast off (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	busted (with js)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  488	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	isley brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	contagious (with r. kelly & chante moore)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't say goodnight pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't say goodnight pt.2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight the power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop that thang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spend the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer breeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me in your arms (rock me a little while)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this old heart of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twist & shout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that lady (part 2)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	it bites\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	calling all the heroes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	it dies today\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sixth of june\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	italian job ensemble\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	self-preservation society\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	it's a beautiful day\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	white bird (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ives, burl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bitty tear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a holly jolly christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ivy queen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	papi te quiero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	iyaz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	replay\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  489	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	izibor, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he'll never know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	j. cole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't get enough (with trey songz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's perfect (with missy elliott)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	j. geils band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nothing but a house party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	centerfold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	detriot breakdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first i look at the purse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flame thrower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freeze-frame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for a love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love stinks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	musta got lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one last kiss (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whammer jammer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	j.j. fad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	supersonic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ja rule\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always on time (with ashanti)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down a-s chick (with charli baltimore)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emerica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cry (with lil' mo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm real (with jennifer lopez)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last temptation (explicit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york (with joe & jadakiss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put it on me (with lil' mo & vita)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy dayz (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the clap back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thug lovin' (with bobby brown)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  490	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ja rule\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	x\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackie q\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pound me in the buttox (with aldous snow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supertight (with aldous snow)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jack's mannequin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my racing thoughts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	release me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jacks, terry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	seasons in the sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson 5, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abc\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	abc o.p.p. mashup (vs. naughty by nature)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ben\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blame it on the boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you feel it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enjoy yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give love on christmas day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw mommy kissing santa claus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackson 5 medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama's pearl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never can say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' robin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa claus is coming to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your body (down to the ground)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the love you save\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this place hotel (aka heartbreak hotel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	torture\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  491	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jackson 5, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who's lovin' you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, alan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a good year for the roses (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a house with no curtains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a woman's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you washed in the blood-i'll fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between the devil & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blues man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasin' that neon rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chattahoochee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dallas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	designated drinker (with george strait)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dog river blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't rock the jukebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive (for daddy gene)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here in the real world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't even know your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only want you for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd love you all over again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if love was a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll go on loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll try\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it must be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's five o'clock somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's five o'clock somewhere (with jimmy buffett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	job description\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life keeps bringin' me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like red on a rose\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  492	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jackson, alan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little bitty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' on love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long long way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's got a hold on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercury blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight in montgomery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monday morning church\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	murder on music row (with george strait)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop a top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right on the money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got the rhythm (& i got the blues)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small town southern man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for the life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime blues (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tall tall trees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that'd be alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the angels cried (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the talkin' song repair blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i climbed the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tropical depression\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	usa today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love comes around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when somebody loves you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where i come from\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's cheatin' who\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work in progress\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  493	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jackson, alan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you can't give up on love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, brandon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a good friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, freddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jam tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make love easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nice 'n' slow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, j.j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	but it's alright\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, janet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any time any place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black cat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come back to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doesn't really matter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	escapade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feedback\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a little while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's wait awhile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will never do without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss you much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  494	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jackson, janet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream (with michael jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to call my lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way love goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best things in life are free (with luther vandross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together again (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty foreplay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what have you done for me lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i think of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoops now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you want this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, jermaine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy's home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do what you do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you say my eyes are beautiful (with whitney houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get serious\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breaking us in two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	common people (with william shatner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is she really going out with him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's different for girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look sharp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steppin' out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't get what you want (til you know what you want)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, leon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	creative\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you believe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, mahalia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	his eye on the sparrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i got over\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  495	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jackson, mahalia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in times like these\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my hand, precious lord\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another part of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby be mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ben\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billie jean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black or white\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black or white (rap)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn this disco out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterflies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	childhood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dangerous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty diana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop 'til you get enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	earth song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ease on down the road (from the wiz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	farewell my summer love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get on the floor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone too soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heal the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven can wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	history\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human nature\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just can't stop loving you\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  496	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jackson, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna be where you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the closet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's the falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just good friends (with stevie wonder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave me alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liberian girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking through the window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man in the mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music and me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	off the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day in your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p.y.t. (pretty young thing)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' robin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say say say (with paul mccartney)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream (with janet jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's out of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smooth criminal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speechless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speed demon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of shock (with mick jagger)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger in moscow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl is mine (with paul mccartney)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lady in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you make me feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you make me feel (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they don't care about us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this time around\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  497	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jackson, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	thriller\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanna be startin' somethin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're almost there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who is it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoops now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	workin' day and night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are not alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't win, you can't even break even\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you rock my world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, python lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in a broken dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, stonewall\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a wound time can't erase\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b.j. the d.j.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be angry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterloo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why i'm walkin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackson, wanda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the middle of a heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right or wrong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jackyl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the lumberjack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every day of the week\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for mr. right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jagged edge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got it (with trina & j.d.)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  498	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jagged edge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's get married (remarquable remix) (with run-dmc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a little umph in it (with ashanti)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walked outta heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jagger, mick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancing in the street (with david bowie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god gave me everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely without you (this christmas) (with joss stone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of shock (with michael jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	visions of paradise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jam, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(just who is) the 5 o'clock hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a town called malice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	absolute beginners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billy hunt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	david watts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in the tube station at midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eton rifles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funeral pyre\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going underground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. clean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's entertainment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bitterest pill (i've ever had to swallow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the modern world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to be someone (didn't we have a nice time)\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  499	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jamaica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tell me where it hurts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jamelia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beware of the dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see it in a boy's eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born of frustration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fred astaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sit down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sound\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funk #49\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, brett\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasin' amy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	worth the fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, etta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i could do was cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	damn your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance with me henry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool that i am\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  500	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	james, etta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i just wanna make love to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather go blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i can't have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my dearest darling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	purple rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's got a hold on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stormy weather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar on the floor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trust in me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, jimmy & the vagabonds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	now is the time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, joni\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	why don't you believe me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, leela\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm loving you more every day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ebony eyes (smokey robinson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire & desire (with teena marie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it to me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a sucker for your love (with teena marie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super freak\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, sonny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	behind the tear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bright lights, big city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't keep me hangin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven says hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never find another you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's the little things\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  501	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	james, sonny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	running bear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the only world i know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	james, tommy & the shondells\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crimson & clover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystal blue persuasion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	draggin' the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hanky panky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think we're alone now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mony mony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar on sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet cherry wine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jameson, jimi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm always here (baywatch theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jamiroquai\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue skies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	canned heat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cosmic girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deeper underground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like it should\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little l\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love foolosophy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven days in sunny june\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	virtual insanity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	virtual insanity (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white knuckle ride\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jan & dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dead man's curve\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  502	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jan & dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drag city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little old lady from pasadena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sidewalk surfin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ooh baby baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jane's addiction\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	been caught stealing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	had a dad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	idiots rule\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	irresistible force\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jane says\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just because\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mountain song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ocean size\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime rolls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superhero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ted just admit it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true nature\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whores\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	janet, joanna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	since i've seen you last\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	japan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gentlemen take polaroids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghosts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i second that emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quiet life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jarabe de palo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	de vuelta y vuelta\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  503	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jarreau, al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlighting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mornin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spain (i can recall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait for the magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're in this love together\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jars of clay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hymn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valley song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever she wants\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	javine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	real things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jay & the americans\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cara mia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come a little bit closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come dance with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's lock the door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only in america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she cried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some enchanted evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think of the good times\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  504	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jay & the americans\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this magic moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jay & the techniques\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	apples, peaches, pumpkin pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep the ball rollin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jay tee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	show girl (with young dru & baby bash)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jaye, courtney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't behave\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jayhawks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gonna make you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jaynetts, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sally go round the roses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jay-z\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	30 something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	99 problems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in the day (with missy elliott)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big pimpin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bonnie & clyde (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change clothes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy in love (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	december 4th\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deja vu (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirt off your shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empire state of mind (with alicia keys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	encore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	excuse me miss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get this money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get your mind right mami (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls, girls, girls\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  505	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jay-z\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gotta have it (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	h.a.m. (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard knock life (ghetto anthem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of the city (ain't no love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	izzo (h.o.v.a.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jigga that nigga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just wanna love you (give it 2 me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucifer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	made in america (with kanye west & frank ocean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	niggas in paris (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no church in the wild (with kanye west & frank ocean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	numb-encore (with linkin park)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on to the next one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	otis (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real as it gets (with young jeezy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	renegade (with eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roc boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run this town (with rihanna & kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run this town (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me what you got\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so ghetto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star is born\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swagga like us (with t.i., lil' wayne & kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's my bitch (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ruler's back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	threat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u don't know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the jungle (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who gonna stop me (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why i love you (with kanye west & mr hudson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young forever (with mr. hudson)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  506	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jb & the moonshine band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no better than this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jean, wyclef\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	911 (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone till november\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new day (with bono)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect gentleman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pussycat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweetest girl (dollar bill) (with akon, lil' wayne & nia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two wrongs (with claudette ortiz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know what it is (with t.i.)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jedward\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	under pressure (ice ice baby) (with vanilla ice)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wow oh wow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jeff healy band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	confidence man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jefferson airplane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	volunteers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white rabbit\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jefferson starship\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	count on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find your way back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sara\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jefferson, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	check please\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  507	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jelly beans\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna love him so bad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jellyfish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want is everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby's coming back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye bye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joining a fan club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now she knows she's wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the king is half undressed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jem\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jem & the holograms\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i believe in happy endings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jem & the holograms theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're always in my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jenkins, jody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every single thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jennings, lyfe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	must be nice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jennings, shooter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4th of july\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone to carolina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steady at the wheel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the real me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jennings, waylon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amanda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you ready for the country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you sure hank done it this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	away in a manger\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  508	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jennings, waylon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big river (with johnny cash & trick pony)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bob wills is still the king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clyde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	door is always open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drinkin' & dreamin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eagle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good hearted woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good hearted woman (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good ol' boys (dukes of hazard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you (with anita carter)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a ramblin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've always been crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just to satisfy you (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladies love outlaws\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome, on'ry and mean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving her was easier than anything i'll ever do again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucille\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luckenbach, texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o come all ye faithful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one good love (with neil diamond)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only daddy that'll walk the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose in paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the door is always open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the eagle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wurlitzer prize (i don't want to get over you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there ain't no good chain gang (with johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can have her\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  509	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jentina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad a-s strippa\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jepsen, carly rae\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful (with justin bieber)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call me maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	curiosity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good time (with owl city)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i'm getting over you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jeremih\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	birthday sex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jersey, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	papa was a poor man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jessie j\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abracadabra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it like a dude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	domino\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l o v e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laserlight (with david guetta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mamma knows best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	price tag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	price tag (with b.o.b.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we found love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who you are (live acoustic version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jesus & mary chain, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	april skies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	far gone & out (12 inch mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like honey\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  510	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jesus jones\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	real real real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here, right now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you gonna be my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold hard b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get me outta here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look what you've done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your money where your mouth is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollover dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seventeen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sgt. major\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a genius\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jethro tull\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aqualung\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bungle in the jungle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cross-eyed mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hymn 43\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is a long song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in the past\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	locomotive breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teacher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thick as a brick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wond'ring aloud (accoustic version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jets, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cross my broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crush on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got it all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jett, joan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad reputation\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  511	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jett, joan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherry bomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty deeds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fake friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever seen the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light of day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jett, joan & the blackhearts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crimson & clover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you wanna touch me (oh yeah)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hate myself for loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love rock n' roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jewel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 become 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	absence of fear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	again and again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel standing by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' fine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down so long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolish games\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fragile heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a little faith in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sensitive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	intuition\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jupiter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss the flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	near you always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	serve the ego\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  512	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jewel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	standing still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay here forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet home alabama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet temptation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way love goes (with merle haggard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'till it feels like cheating\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to find you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's simple is true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who will save your soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you were meant for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jigsaw\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sky high\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jim carroll band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	people who died\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jimmie's chicken shack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jimmy castor bunch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bertha butt boogie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jimmy eat world\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a praise chorus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big casino\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bleed american\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	futures\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hear you me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky denver mint\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my best theory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweetness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the middle\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  513	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jimmy eat world\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	work\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jive bunny & the mastermixers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's party\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	j-kwon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tipsy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eyes wide shut (with tinie tempah)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she makes me wanna (with dev)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a chance on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jo, erika\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i break things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joboxers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boxer beat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jodeci\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come & talk to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever my lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get on up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you think you're lonely now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love u 4 life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all or nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna know\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  514	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's stay home tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stutter (with mystikal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god i found you (with mariah carey)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joe zelek band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moonshinin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joel, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a matter of trust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a minor variation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all about soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all for leyna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	allentown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an innocent man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and so it goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby grand (with ray charles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big shot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	captain jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't ask me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy money (theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	famous last words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight saigon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honesty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i go to extremes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's still rock & roll to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keeping the faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave a tender moment alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leningrad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullabye (goodnight, my angel)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matter of trust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megamix\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  515	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	joel, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	miami 2017 (seen the lights go out on broadway)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miami 2017 (seen the lights go out on broadway) (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minor variation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	movin' out (anthony's song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york state of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york state of mind (with tony bennett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the good die young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piano man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pressure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river of dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosalinda's eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running on ice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say goodbye to hollywood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scenes from an italian restaurant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shameless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's always a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got a way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got a way (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes a fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stiletto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storm front\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer highland falls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell her about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the downeaster ''alexa''\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the entertainer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the longest time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stranger (with whistle solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this night\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  516	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	joel, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	to make you feel my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uptown girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vienna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we didn't start the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you may be right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're only human\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zanzibar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johansson, scarlett\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	relator (with pete yorn)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	john, elton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(ho! ho! ho!) who'd be a turkey at christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you ready for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bennie & the jets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blessed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blues for baby & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn down the mission\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you feel the love tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candle in the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	captain fantastic & the brown dirt cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	club at the end of the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crocodile rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daniel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go breakin' my heart (with kiki dee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go breakin' my heart (with miss piggy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let the sun go down on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let the sun go down on me (with george michael)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elderberry wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electricity\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  517	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	john, elton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	empty garden (hey hey johnny)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends never say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye yellow brick road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	healing hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky cat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna go on with you like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel like a bullet (in the gun of robert ford)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i guess that's why they call it the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still standing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	island girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss the bride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	levon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little jeannie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love lies bleeding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucy in the sky with diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mad man across the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	made in england\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makin' whoopee (with rod stewart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama can't buy you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mona lisas & mad hatters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my father's gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nikita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	original sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part time love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	philadelphia freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pinball wizard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	recover your soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket man\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  518	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	john, elton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	roy rogers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway train (with eric clapton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sacrifice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad songs (say so much)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night's alright for fighting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skyline pigeon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday out of the blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone saved my life tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something about the way you look tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry seems to be the hardest word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step into christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the b-tch is back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the circle of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heart of every girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the simple life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this train don't stop there anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through the storm (with aretha franklin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tinderbox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tiny dancer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love (with kiki dee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we all fall in love sometimes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i think about love (with pm dawn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where we both say goodbye (with catherine britt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	written in the stars (with leann rimes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can make history\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	john, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lion sleeps tonght\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnny hates jazz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shattered dreams\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  519	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	johnny hates jazz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turn back the clock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnny otis show, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	willie & the hand jive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johns, sammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chevy van\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, ana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't cry for pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, carolyn dawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	complicated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want you to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day closer to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some mother's son\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till i loved you (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	banana pancakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bubbletoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	upside down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, jamey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the dollar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, mary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll pick a rose for my rose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bluer than blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me wings\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  520	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	johnson, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	second hand heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the moon is still over her shoulder\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	johnson, puff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever more\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jojo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby it's you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how to touch a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave (get out)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not that kinda girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too little, too late\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joker\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on my mind (with william cartwright)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jolie & the wanted\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	party on the patio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jolson, al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after you've gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anniversary waltz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california here i come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sitting on top of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me sing & i'm happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liza\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mammy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock-a-bye your baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swanee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toot toot tootsie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you made me love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jon b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	comfortable swagg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they don't know\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  521	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jonas brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodnight & goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids of the future\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s.o.s.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you look me in the eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you just don't know it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jonas, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	see no more\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, cheneta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get there\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, donell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	knocks me off my feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u know what's up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where i wanna be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know that i love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	50,000 names\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a girl i used to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a good year for the roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a good year for the roses (with alan jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a picture of me (without you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't love a lot like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bartender's blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer run (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	choices\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold hard truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finally friday\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  522	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jones, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	golden ring (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he stopped loving her today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	her name is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high-tech redneck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky-tonk myself to death\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i always get lucky with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't need your rockin' chair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if drinkin' don't kill me (her memory will)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if god met you (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll share my world with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a one woman man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not ready yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've still got some hurtin' left to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love bug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you could never be better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	near you (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never bit a bullet like this before (with sammy kershaw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once you've had the best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one i loved back then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our bed of roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real deal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right left hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she loved a lot in her time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she thinks i still care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine on (shine all your sweet love on me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sinners & saints\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still doin' time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tall, tall trees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tender years\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  523	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jones, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tennessee whiskey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ceremony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the grand tour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man he was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the race is on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the visit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this bottle (in my hand) (with david allan coe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too country (with bill anderson, brad paisley & buck owens)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two story house (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk through this world with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we loved it away (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we must have been out of our minds (with melba montgomery)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're gonna hold on (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what my woman can't do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the grass grows over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the last curtain falls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white lightnin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's gonna fill their shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why baby why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	window up above\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wine colored roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	writing on the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can have her (him)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you comb her hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never know just how good you've got it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your heart turned left (& i was on the right)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've still got a place in my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, glenn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we've only just begun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, gloria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tainted love\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  524	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jones, grace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm not perfect (but i'm perfect for you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've seen that face before (libertango)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la vie en rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pull up to the bumper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pull up to the bumper (funkstar deluxe remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slave to the rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, howard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bit of snow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everlasting love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life in one day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lift me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like to get to know you well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one is to blame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things can only get better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me irresponsible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day in the life of a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lollipops and roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere my love (laura's theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the impossible dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true picture\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  525	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jones, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what i did for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what now my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	windmills of your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with one more look at you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wives & lovers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we fly high\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good timin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handy man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you talk too much\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	badd (with ying yang twins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm n luv (wit a stripper) (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, norah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	above ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alright, ok, you win (with diana krall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you lonesome tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be here to love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be my somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carnival time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasing pirates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold cold heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come away with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creepin' in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't know why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't miss you at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' the same way\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  526	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jones, norah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy pills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	humble me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's gonna be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got to see you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonestar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my dear country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightingale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not my friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one flight down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	painter song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosie's lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoot the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sinkin' soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sun doesn't like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunrise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the grass is blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the long day is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the long way home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the nearness of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the prettiest thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those sweet words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn me on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what am i to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish i could\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wurlitzer prize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wurlitzer prize (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  527	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jones, quincy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm yours (with el debarge & siedah garrett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you put a move on my heart (with tamia)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, rickie lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chuck e.'s in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny's all-star joint\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, sharon & the dap-kings\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	100 days, 100 nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, spike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want for christmas is my two front teeth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jones, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(medley) delilah-you can leave your hat on-it's not unusual\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a boy from nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't no grave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you gonna go my way (with robbie williams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby it's cold outside (with cerys matthews)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning down the house (with the cardigans)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daughter of darkness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delilah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	detroit city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't it rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funny familiar forgotten feelings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green, green grass of home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit or miss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i who have nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i only knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you need me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never fall in love again\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  528	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	jones, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm coming home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not unusual\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	its up to the woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ive got a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	linda lu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little green apples\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama told me not to come (with stereophonics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my mother's eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never tear us apart (with natalie imbruglia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin but a woman (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	resurrection shuffle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex bomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing for the good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something about you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes we cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	st. james infirmary blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoned in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the young mexican puppeteer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunderball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's new pussycat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with these hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without love there is nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can leave your hat on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never walk alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joose\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if tomorrow never comes\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  529	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	joplin, janis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ball & chain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it while you can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kozmic blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & bobby mcgee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercedes benz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move over (alternate version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piece of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try (just a little bit harder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turtle blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jordan, louis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	is you is or is you ain't my baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jordan, montell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get it on tonite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is how we do it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jordi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me estoy volviendo loco\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jordy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dur dur d'etre bebe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	josie & the pussycats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spin around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three small words\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	journey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any way you want it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ask the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be good to yourself\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  530	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	journey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't stop believin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faithfully\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolish heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl can't help it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if he should break your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be alright without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the same way (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovin' touchin' squeezin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send her my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	separate ways (worlds apart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still they ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stone in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suzanne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl can't help it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walks like a lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheel in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you love a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's crying now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why can't this night go on forever\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joy division\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	24 hours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	atmosphere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	decades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disorder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart & soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	insight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	isolation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will tear us apart\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  531	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	joy division\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new dawn fades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no love lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadowplay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's lost control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	transmission\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	joy zipper\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	33x (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dosed & became invisible (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the neverending search for a suitable enemy (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	juanes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	la camisa negra\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	judas priest\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before the dawn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bloodstone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking the law\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil's child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heading out to the highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell bent for leather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny b. goode\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living after midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pain & pleasure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	painkiller\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riding on the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ripper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the green manalishi (with the two-pronged crown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turbo lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victim of changes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got another thing comin'\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  532	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	judd, cledus t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cledus the karaoke king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cledus went down to florida\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coronary life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did i shave my back for this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every bulb in the house is blown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grandpa got runned over by a john deere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hip hop to honky tonk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you milk a cow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if shania was mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a great day to be a guy (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackson (alan, that is)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	motel californie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my cellmate thinks i'm sexy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paycheck woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shania, i'm broke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got a butt bigger than the beatles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's inflatable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skoal (the grundy county spitting incident)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stinkin' problem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chicks did it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wives do it all the time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	judd, wynonna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad goodbye (with clint black)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't nobody love you (like i do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come some rainy day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't look back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flies on the butter (with naomi judd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  533	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	judd, wynonna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl thang (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls with guitars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven help me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven help my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it over yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's never easy to say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my angel is here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my strongest weakness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one else on earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock bottom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she is his only need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	testify to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that was yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to be loved by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what the world needs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love starts talkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman to woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	judds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to be blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change of heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry myself to sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be cruel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl's night out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give a little love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grandpa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guardian angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	had a dream for the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have mercy\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  534	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	judds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	john deere tractor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me tell you about love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love can build a bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama he's crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe your baby's got the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my strongest weakness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one hundred & two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one man woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' with the rhythm of the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what child is this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why not me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	judge dread\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big seven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	juicy j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bandz a make her dance (with lil' wayne & 2 chainz)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jules, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mad world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jump 'n the saddle band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	curly shuffle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	junior senior\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	move your feet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jurassic 5\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	concrete schoolyard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	just jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	day i died\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starz in their eyes\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  535	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	justice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	d.a.n.c.e.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are your friends (vs. simian)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	justice, victoria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freak the freak out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it shine (victorious)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	juvenile\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back that thang up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drop that thang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow motion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	jypsi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't love you like that\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	k7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come baby come\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kadison, joshua\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beau's all night radio love line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful in my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jessie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	picture postcards from l.a.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kahn, madeline\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm tired\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kai\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	say you'll stay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kaiser chiefs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angry mob\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad days, good days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday i love you less & less\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything is average nowadays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i predict a riot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to your head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's not a competition (but i'm winning)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern way\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  536	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kaiser chiefs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never miss a beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh my god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the angry mob\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kajagoogoo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too shy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kallen, kitty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little things mean a lot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kamakawiwo'ole, israel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ahi wela-twinkle twinkle little star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ama ama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	henehene kou 'aka\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in this life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kaleohano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the rainbow-what a wonderful world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	panini pau kea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'ulili e\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kamoze, ini\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here comes the hotstepper\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kane, danity\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	damaged\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kansas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i tell you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carry on wayward son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dust in the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight fire with fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play the game tonight\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  537	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kansas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	point of no return\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kardashian, kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jam-turn it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	karen o.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello tomorrow (with squeak e. clean)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	karmah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just be good to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	karmin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brokenhearted\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kasabian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	club foot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cutt off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast fuse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me plus one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	re-wired\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoot the runner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underdog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where did all the love go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kashif\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i just gotta have you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	katrina & the waves\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love shine a light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking on sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	katy b\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken record\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy please me\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  538	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	katy b\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	katy on a mission\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lights on (with ms. dynamite)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	movement\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	witches brew\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kavinsky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nightcall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kaye, danny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ballin' the jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ugly duckling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kayle, kortney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	unbroken by you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kc & the sunshine band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get down tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your boogie man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep it comin' love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your booty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way (i like it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes i'm ready (with teri desario)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	k-ci & jojo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my life (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if ever you're in my arms again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me it's real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this very moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you bring me up\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  539	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	k-doe, ernie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mother in law\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ke$ha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blah blah blah (with 3oh!3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cannibal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	die young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty picture (with taio cruz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my first kiss (with 3oh!3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right round (with flo rida)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleazy 2.0 remix (get sleazier) (with wiz khalifa, andre 3000, t.i. & lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tik tok\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we r who we r\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love is my drug\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a bad dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bedshaped\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bend & break\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better than this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stop now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystal ball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody's changing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it any wonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovers are losing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing in my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she has no time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silenced by the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere only we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sovereign light cafe\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  540	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	keane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is the last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untitled 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we might as well be strangers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your eyes open\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kearney, mat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothing left to lose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kearney, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	undeniable\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keating, ronan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	father & son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope you dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if tomorrow never comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if tomorrow never comes (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last thing on my mind (with leann rimes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is a rollercoaster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost for words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovin' each day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that i know what i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she believes in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way you make me feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you say nothing at all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keen, robert earl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy holidays ya'll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' cane\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	98.6\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keith, toby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little less talk & a lot more action\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a little too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a woman's touch\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  541	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	keith, toby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american soldier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as good as i once was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer for my horses (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big blue note\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big ol' truck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken bridges (with lindsey haun)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closin' time at home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country comes to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	courtesy of the red, white & blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crash here tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does that blue moon ever shine on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	double wide paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream walkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get drunk & be somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get my drink on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getcha some\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go with her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he ain't worth missing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high maintenance woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you like me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like girls that drink beer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love this bar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna talk about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if a man answers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm just talkin' about tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so happy i can't stop crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so happy i can't stop crying (with sting)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me if you can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	made in america\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  542	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	keith, toby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me too\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight rider (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mockingbird (with krystal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my list\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night before christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	note to self\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piece of work (with jimmy buffett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red solo cup\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she ain't hooked on me no more (with merle haggard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a hottie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should've been a cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stays in mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trailerhood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	upstairs downtown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we were in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weed with willie (with scotty emerick)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what made the baby cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love fades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's your daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish i didn't know now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you ain't leavin' (thank god are ya)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you ain't much fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you caught me at a bad time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you shouldn't kiss me like this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kelis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bossy (with too short)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caught out there (i hate you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	distance\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  543	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kelis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in public (with nas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lil' star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lil' star (with cee-lo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	milkshake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	millionaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not in love (with enrique iglesias)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trick me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keller, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here comes summer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keller, joanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	three little teardrops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kelly family, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because it's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fell in love with an alien\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help myself\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kelly, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moses supposes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	singin' in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kelly, josh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	to remember\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kelly, r.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bump n' grind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterfly kisses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down low (nobody has to know)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' on yo booty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' single\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotham city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy people\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  544	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kelly, r.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honey love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe i can fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe i can fly (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't sleep baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know you are hurting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could turn back the hands of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ignition\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ignition (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a flirt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm f-ckin' you tonight (with notorious b.i.g.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm loving you tonight (with notorious b.i.g.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your angel (with celine dion)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the kitchen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's on (with dj khaled & ace hood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	number one hit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the loot can make you happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	playas only\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pregnant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio message\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same girl (with usher)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	share my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got that vibe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sign of a victory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow dance (hey mr. dj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldiers heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step in the name of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world's greatest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thoia thoing\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  545	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kelly, r.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trapped in the closet pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a man lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a woman loves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a woman's fed up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful (with ashanti & ja rule)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world's greatest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you remind me of something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your body's callin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kem\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're on my mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kemp, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just got paid\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kendalls, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it don't feel like sinnin' to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put it off until tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet desire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god for the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'd make an angel wanna cheat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kendricks, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keep on truckin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kennedy, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	circle circle dot dot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kenner, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like it like that\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kenny wayne shepherd band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue on black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything is broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in 2 deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somehow somewhere someway\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kentucky headhunters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dumas walker\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  546	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kentucky headhunters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh lonesome me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rag top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk softly on this heart of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with body & soul\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kerli\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walking on air\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kersh, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breaking hearts & taking names\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something to think about\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kershaw, nik\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i won't let the sun go down on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the riddle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wouldn't it be good\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kershaw, sammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anywhere but here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cadillac style\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go near the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fit to be tied down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haunted heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't reach her anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever come this way again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're gonna walk, i'm gonna crawl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe not tonight (with lorrie morgan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & maxine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meant to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	national working woman's holiday\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  547	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kershaw, sammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never bit a bullet like this before (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day left to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of my double wide trailer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she don't know she's beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southbound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still lovin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	third rate romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too far gone to leave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you love someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yard sale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your tattoo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ketchum, hal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't let go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five o'clock world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang in there superman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hearts are gonna roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know where love lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama knows the highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	past the point of rescue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small town saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sure love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what i get for losin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight we just might fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	veil of tears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kevin spencer family\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i kept on praying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if the rapture was yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keys to the kingdom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the blood is still there\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  548	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	key of awesome\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angry birds (rolling in the deep parody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bieber fever (baby parody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grenade parody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollywood chicks (pumped up kicks parody)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	keys, alicia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a woman's worth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another way to die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brand new me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brotha pt.2 (with angie stone & eve)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterflyz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doesn't mean anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empire state of mind (part II) broken down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empire state of mind (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every little bit hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gansta lovin' (with eve)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl on fire (inferno version) (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how come you don't call me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i ain't got you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i was your woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jane doe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma (karmasticion remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like you'll never see me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my boo (with usher)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piano & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pray for forgiveness\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  549	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	keys, alicia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	put it in a love song (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage love affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try sleeping with a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbreakable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbreakable (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why do i feel so sad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know my name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	khaleel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no mercy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	khalifa, wiz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black & yellow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my favorite song (with juicy j)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember you (with the weeknd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll up (clean)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	khan, chaka\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and the melody still lingers on (night in tunisia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm every woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what cha' gonna do for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	khia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my neck, my back (lick it)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kid cudi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	day 'n' nite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day 'n' nite (vs. crookers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	erase me (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just what i am (with king chip)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  550	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kid cudi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make her say (with kanye west and common)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories (with david guetta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one believes me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pursuit of happiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pursuit of happiness (steve aoki remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up up & away (the wake & bake song)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kid rock\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all summer long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american bad a-s\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bawitdaba\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cocky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the bullgod\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely road of faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only god knows why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	picture (with sheryl crow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock n roll jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	single father\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so hott\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	son of detroit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the f word (live) (with hank williams, jr.)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kid sister\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pro nails (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kidd, johnny & the pirates\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shakin' all over\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kidman, nicole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come what may (with ewan mcgregor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day i'll fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something stupid (with robbie williams)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  551	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kidman, nicole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sparkling diamonds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kids from fame\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hi fidelity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starmaker\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kilgore, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love trip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the look\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	killer mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adidas (with big boi & sleepy brown)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	killers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a great big sled\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a white demon love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the pretty faces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all these things that i've done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	andy, you're a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	believe me natalie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bling (confessions of a king)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't shoot me santa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dustland fairytale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything will be alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel it in my bones (with ryan pardey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for reasons unknown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glamorous indie rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jenny was a friend of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss atomic bomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. brightside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my list\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on top\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  552	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	killers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	read my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	read my mind (pet shop boys remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sam's town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile like you mean it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody told me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spaceman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world we live in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this river is wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tranquilize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncle jonny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you were young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why do i keep counting\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kills, natalia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderland\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kills, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black balloon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheap and cheerful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hook & line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last day of magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	m.e.x.i.c.o.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sour cherry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tape song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u.r.a. fever (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	killswitch engage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fixation on the darkness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my last serenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose of sharyn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take this oath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the end of heartache\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  553	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kim, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me gently\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kimball, cheyenne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hanging on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kimbra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cameo lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good intent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	settle down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kindred the family soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	magic happen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king crimson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	21st century schizoid man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the court of the crimson king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king floyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	groove me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king harvest\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancin' in the moonlight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king missile\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	detachable p-nis\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, albert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born under a bad sign\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, b.b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big boss man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	choo choo ch' boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my lucille\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paying the cost to be the boss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the thrill is gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love comes to town (with u2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why i sing the blues\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  554	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	king, ben e.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't play that song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i (who have nothing)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish harlem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	is you is or is you ain't my baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, carole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anyone at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	been to canaan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city streets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel the earth move\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it might as well rain until september\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jazzman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightingale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now & forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one fine day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smackwater jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet seasons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way over yonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where you lead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you love me tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got a friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, claude\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wolverton mountain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, diana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love triangle\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  555	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	king, diana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shy guy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, evelyn ''champagne''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kisses don't lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love come down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come spring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gift of grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep me in your will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when he reigns\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, jill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hand me down heartache\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, jonathan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	una paloma blanca\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, marva\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	steppin' (with alpha red & christopher williams)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	from your knees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rub it in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king, pee wee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	slow poke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tennessee waltz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kings of convenience\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't know what i can save you from (r\uc2\u246\'F6\'00yksopp remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kings of leon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back down south\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bucket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crawl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frontier city\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  556	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kings of leon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	manhattan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	molly's chambers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	notion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pyro\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radioactive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revelry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	use somebody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	king's x\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	groove machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summerland\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kingsmen quartet, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	getcha to the other side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i stand upon the rock of ages\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	master i see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the next cloud\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kingsmen, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	louie, louie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the jolly green giant\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kingston trio, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	greenback dollar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scotch & soda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tom dooley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where have all the flowers gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kingston, sean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dumb love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire burning\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  557	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kingston, sean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take you there\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kingstonians, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	singer man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kinison, sam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you lonesome tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kinks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a well respected man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all day & all of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ape man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	autumn almanac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celluloid heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead end street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dedicated follower of fashion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	destroyer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't forget to dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody's gonna be happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	low budget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phenomenal cat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plastic man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see my friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set me free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shangri-la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop your sobbing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunny afternoon\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  558	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kinks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	superman (wish i could fly like)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supersonic rocket ship\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tired of waiting for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	village green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterloo sunset\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you really got me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kinleys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance in the boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just between you & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart is still beating\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she ain't the girl for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's out there watching\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make it seem so easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're still here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kipping, deon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what's coming is better\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kirby, kathy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	secret love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kiss\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2000 man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beth (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black diamond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calling dr. love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christine sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold gin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy crazy nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creatures of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	detroit rock city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deuce\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  559	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kiss\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	domino\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy as it seems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firehouse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god gave rock & roll to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god of thunder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goin' blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	great expectations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard luck woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven's on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hide your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love it loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i stole your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was made for loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of the night time world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me go rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lick it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makin' love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plaster caster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	psycho circus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reason to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rise to it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll all nite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll all nite (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll all nite (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	room service\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shandi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shout it out loud\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  560	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kiss\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	strutter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sure know something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears are falling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world without heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wanted the best\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kisschasy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dinosaur\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kissoon, mac & katie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sugar candy kisses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kitt, eartha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'est si bon (it's so good)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to be evil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	le danseur de charleston\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for my man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kiwanuka, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	home again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll get along\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kix\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't close your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	klaxons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	golden skans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gravity's rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not over yet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kleerup\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	with every heartbeat (with robyn)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	klein, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can't stop my leg\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kleptones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chess game at the gates of hell (flaming lips-busta rhymes)\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  561	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	klf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	justified & ancient\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	justified & ancient (stand by the jams) (with tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	klymaxx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meeting in the ladies room\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kmc kru\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the devil came up to michigan\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kmd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	humrush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peachfuzz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kmfdm\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a drug against war\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	juke joint jezebel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megalomaniac\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	k'naan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knack, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good girls don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sharona\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knickerbockers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knife, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbeats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we share our mothers' health\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knight, beverley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come as you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoulda woulda coulda\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knight, gladys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't do duets (with patti labelle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were your woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	license to kill\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  562	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	knight, gladys & the pips\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best thing that ever happened to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to do wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i heard it through the grapevine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight train to georgia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neither one of us (wants to be)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knight, jean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. big stuff\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knight, jordan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give it to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could never take the place of your man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knight, mikel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	saddle up shawty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knight, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everlasting love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on a mountain top\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knopfler, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	border reiver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's got the gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailing to philadelphia (with james taylor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storybook love (from princess bride)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	knox, buddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	party doll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kompressor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rappers we crush (with mc frontalot)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kon kan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i beg your pardon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	konks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	29 fingers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kooks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always where i need to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it me\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  563	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kooks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	junk of the heart (happy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she moves in her own way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kool & the gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	celebration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emergency\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fresh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get down on it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollywood swinging\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jungle boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladies night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go dancing (ooh la la la)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victory\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kool moe dee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wild wild west\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	korgis, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody's got to learn something\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	korn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	10 or a 2-way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	adidas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alone i break\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you ready to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bleeding out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn the obedient\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chaos lives in everything\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  564	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	korn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coming undone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eaten up inside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling away from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fear is a place to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for no one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freak on a leash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freak on a leash (unplugged) (with amy lee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fuels the comedy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get up!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getting off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got the life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hating (everything that i could find)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here to stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holding all these lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hypocrites\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	illuminati\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's me again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kill mercy within\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last legal drug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lead the parade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the guilt go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	narcissistic cannibal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oildale (leave me alone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open up\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  565	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	korn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	people pleaser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	politics\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop a pill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sanctuary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seen it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoots & ladders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	souvenir\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tearjerker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tension\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the past\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thoughtless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	throw me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trapped underneath the stairs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twisted transistor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way too far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	word up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	y'all want a single\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kp & envyi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	swing my way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kraftwerk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	autobahn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the model\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are the robots\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	krall, diana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alright, ok, you win (with norah jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alright, ok, you win (with tony bennett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as i live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best thing for you (would be me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blossom fell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	body & soul\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  566	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	krall, diana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boulevard of broken dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come dance with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry me a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day day in out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil may care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	east of the sun (& west of the moon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exactly like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faint of heart (with vince gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly me to the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frim fram sauce\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from this moment on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	garden in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit that jive jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how deep is the ocean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how insensitive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was doing alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll string along with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm an errand girl for rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm thru with love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is you is or is you ain't my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	isn't this a lovely day (to be caught in the rain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it could happen to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got you under my skin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's face the music & dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	narrow daylight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peel me a grape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pick yourself up\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  567	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	krall, diana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	popsicle toes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	's wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straighten up & fly right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temptation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boy from ipanema\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this can't be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	willow weep for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can depend on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me (with ray charles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're getting to be a habit with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're looking at me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kramer, billy j. & the dakotas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trains & boats & planes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kramer, jana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when you're lonely\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	krauss, alison\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down to the river to pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time you say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how's the world treating you (with james taylor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i give you to his heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the palm of your hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it doesn't matter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got that old feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you 2007 (with john waite)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple love\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  568	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	krauss, alison\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sitting in the window of my room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in the vicinity of the heart (with shenandoah)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the angels cried (with alan jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the scarlet tide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey lullaby (with brad paisley)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	krauss, alison & union station\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby, now that i've found you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find my way back to my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't believe you've met my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i didn't know any better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me touch you for a while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking in the eyes of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love follows you where you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new favorite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh, atlanta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	restless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lucky one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two highways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you say nothing at all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kravitz, lenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always on the run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you gonna go my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black velveteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get you off of my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dig in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven help\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i belong to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could fall in love\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  569	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	kravitz, lenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it ain't over 'til it's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stillness of heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storm (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinking of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are we running\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kreayshawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go hard (la la la)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gucci gucci\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kreviazuk, chantal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feels like home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in this life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving on a jet plane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surrounded\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	krewalla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kris kross\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i missed the bus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warm it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kristofferson, kris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come sundown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & bobby mcgee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why me lord\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kroeger, chad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hero (with josey scott)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't you & i (with santana)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	krokus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eat the rich\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  570	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	krokus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	midnite maniac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	screaming in the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	k's choice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything for free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not an addict\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kuban, bob & the in-men\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the cheater\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kubelbock, daniel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the lion sleeps tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kula shaker\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	govinda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey dude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sound of drums\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tattva\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kursaal flyers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little does she know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kutless\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	strong tower\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kweli, talib\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	outstanding (with ryan leslie)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kws\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	please don't go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kyper\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tic-tac-toe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	kyser, kay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jingle jangle jingle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	l.a. guns\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the ballad of jayne\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	l.e.t. generation\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	send me an angel\par
\pard\sb14\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  571	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	l.t.d.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(every time i turn around) back in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love ballad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	l7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	andres\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretend were dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sh-tlist\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	la bouche\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be my lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be my lover (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bolingo (love is in the air)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin' in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you won't forget me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	la roux\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bulletproof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not your toy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in for the kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quicksand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	labelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lady marmalade\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	labelle, patti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't do duets (with gladys knight)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if only you knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady marmalade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love, sweet love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new attitude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my own (with michael mcdonald)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  572	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	labelle, patti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stir it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when something is wrong with my baby (with travis tritt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you talk about love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	labrinth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beneath your beautiful (with emeli sande)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	express yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treatment\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want a man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lachey, nick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what's left of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where you are (with jessica simpson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lacuna coil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closer (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven's a lie (piano)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our truth (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spellbound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	survive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swamped (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lady antebellum\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a woman scorned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i want for christmas is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all we'd ever need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bottle up lightning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't take my eyes off you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing away with my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home is where the heart is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i run to you\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  573	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lady antebellum\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i was here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i knew then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lookin' for a good time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love don't live here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love this pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	need you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	need you now (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day you will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our kind of love (female lead)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our kind of love (male lead)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanted you more\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lady gaga\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	again again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alejandro\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	americano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad kids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful, dirty, rich\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black jesus + amen fashion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born this way (country roads version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys boys boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chillin' (with wale)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disco heaven\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  574	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lady gaga\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eh eh (nothing else i can say)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric chapel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fashion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fashion of his love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	government hooker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like it rough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	judas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just dance (with colby o'donis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marry the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medley (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paparazzi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper gangsta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poker face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poker face (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scheibe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so happy i could die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speechless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speechless (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starstruck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summerboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teeth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the edge of glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the queen\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  575	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lady gaga\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the queen (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lady sovereign\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	9 to 5\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you dancing!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me or hate me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ladyhawke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back of the van\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my delirium\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paris is burning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ladytron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ghosts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	playgirl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seventeen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lagwagon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad moon rising\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	laid back\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sunshine reggae\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white horse\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	laine, frankie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blazing saddles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jezabel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rawhide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lajoie, jon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	high as f-ck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lakeside\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fantastic voyage\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lamar, holly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	these are the days\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  576	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lamar, kendrick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bitch, don't kill my vibe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poetic justice (with drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swimming pools (drank)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lamb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gorecki\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gorecki (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lambert, adam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a change is gonna come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for your entertainment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mad world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lambert, miranda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy ex-girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead flowers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy living\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	famous in a small town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guilty in here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gunpowder & lead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart like mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house that built me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kerosene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at miss ohio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is looking for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama's broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & charlie talking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new strings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only prettier\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  577	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lambert, miranda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	white liar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lamontagne, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever my friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three more days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are the best thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lampa, rachael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	live for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lang, jonny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything's possible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakin' me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dying to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lie to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rack 'em up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still rainin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lang, k.d.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	constant craving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying (with roy orbison)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss chatelaine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexuality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world (with tony bennett)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lanois, daniel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jolie louise\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  578	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lanza, mario\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	large, storm\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eight miles wide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	larsen, blaine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you get that lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lips of a bottle (with gretchen wilson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	larson, nicolette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lotta love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how you know when love's right (with steve wariner)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	las ketchup\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	asereje\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kusha las playas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ketchup song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ketchup song (spanglish)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	las mananitas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pedro infante\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	la's, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	there she goes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lasgo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	last goodnight, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pictures of you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lattimore, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i lose my woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never too busy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lattisaw, stacy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love on a two way street\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lauper, cyndi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all through the night\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  579	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lauper, cyndi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girls just want to have fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goonies 'r' good enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey now (girls just wanna have fun)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i drove all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna be strong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money changes everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she bop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world is stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time after time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true colors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for your change of heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who let in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lauren, alaina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	like my mother does\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lavato, demi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this is me (with joe jonas)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lavigne, avril\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anything but ordinary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	complicated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't tell me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall to pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forgotten\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freak out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend (with lil' mama) (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he wasn't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how does it feel\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  580	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lavigne, avril\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep holding on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing grip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mobile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my happy ending\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sk8er boi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slipped away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things i'll never say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much to ask\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unwanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what the hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish you were here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lawrence, joey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothing my love can't fix\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lawrence, sophie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love's unkind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lawrence, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	footsteps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty blue eyes\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  581	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lawrence, tracy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alibis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as any fool can see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't break it to my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coast is clear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see it now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i don't make it back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if the good die young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if the world had a front porch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you loved me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never pass this way again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lessons learned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life don't have to be so hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my second home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paint me a birmingham\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	renegades, rebels & rogues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sawdust on her halo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody paints the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars over texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sticks & stones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas tornado\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time marches on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today's lonely fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unforgiven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	used to the pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while you sleep\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lawrence, vikki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the night the lights went out in georgia\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	laws, debra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	very special\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  582	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lawson, maria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sleepwalking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lawson, shannon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dream your way to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye on a bad day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lazytown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bing bang (time to dance)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lazzarus, q\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye horses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lcd soundsystem\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daft punk is playing at my house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drunk girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	north american scum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone great\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tribulations\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	le click\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tonight is the night (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	le tigre\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	deceptacon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tko\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	leary, denis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a##hole\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	leblanc & carr\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	led zeppelin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	achilles last stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	babe i'm gonna leave you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie with stu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring it on home\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  583	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	led zeppelin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bron y-aur stomp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebration day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	communication breakdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	custard pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dazed & confused\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	d'yer mak'er\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four sticks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gallows pole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going to california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good times bad times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey hey what can i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	houses of the holy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how many more times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	immigrant song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kashmir\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living loving maid (she's just a woman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misty mountain hop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no quarter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's fault but mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out on the tiles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the hills & far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ramble on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since i've been loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song remains the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stairway to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tangerine\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  584	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	led zeppelin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ten years gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the battle of evermore (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the battle of evermore (solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crunge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lemon song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ocean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wanton song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trampled under foot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're gonna groove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is & what should never be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the levee breaks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your time is gonna come\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ledisi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay together (with jaheim)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ledoux, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cadillac cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dallas days & fort worth nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime i roll the dice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at you girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stampede\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tougher than the rest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under this old hat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatcha gonna do with a cowboy (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, amos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keep it loose, keep it tight\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  585	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lee, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freak on a leash (unplugged) (with korn)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, ben\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	catch my disease\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, brenda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all alone am i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as usual\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big four poster bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break it to me gently\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brenda lee medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken trust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dum dum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dynamite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emotions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody loves me but you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly me to the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool #1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes that feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's my rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to be wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny one time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's jump the broomstick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody wins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa noel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock on baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' around the christmas tree\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  586	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lee, brenda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rose garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak to me pretty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday sunrise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet nothin's\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me what it's like\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cowgirl & the daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too many rivers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong ideas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can depend on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, coco\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love before time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, d.c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	see the day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, dickey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	laurie (strange things happen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patches\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, gary & the sundowns\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the rodeo song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, jackie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	white horses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be there for me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bet your heart on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherokee fiddle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey bartender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lookin' for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prisoner of hope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sounds like love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, lewis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	attack of the killer tomatoes\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  587	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lee, peggy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big spender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come rain or come shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden earrings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a tramp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how long has this been going on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is that all there is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got you under my skin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny guitar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ma\uc2\u241\'F1\'00ana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moments like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart belongs to daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't you do right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, ricki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is all around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, robin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black velvet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lee, tommy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	left banke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walk away renee\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	leftfield\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	open up (with john lydon)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	legend, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green light (with andre 3000)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ordinary people\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  588	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	legend, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	p.d.a. (we just don't care)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight (best you ever had) (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	legendary pink dots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love you in your tragic beauty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a lifetime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	legrand, michel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	windmills of your mind (female)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	windmills of your mind (male)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lehrer, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a christmas carol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bright college days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poisoning pigeons in the park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pollution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the element song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the masochism tango\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the vatican rag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	leigh, danni\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	29 nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if the jukebox took teardrops\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lekakis, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boom boom (let's go back to my room)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lemar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	50 50\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't give it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in a thing called love\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  589	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lemar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if there's any justice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not that easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no pressue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time to grow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lemon pipers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	green tambourine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lemonade mouth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lemonheads\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	into your arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mrs. robinson\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	len\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feelin' alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steal my sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steal my sunshine (with dialogue)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lennon, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	#9 dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(just like) starting over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold turkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crippled inside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me some truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give peace a chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grow old with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy xmas (war is over)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy xmas (war is over) (with yoko ono)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm losing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	instant karma (we all shine on)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealous guy\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  590	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lennon, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mind games\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody told me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh yoko!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power to the people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watching the wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever gets you thru the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working class hero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lennon, julian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	day after day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saltwater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too late for goodbyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valotte\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lennox, annie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a whiter shade of pale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get next to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into the west\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep young and beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song for a vampire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money can't buy it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more i love you's\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pavement cracks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a little love in your heart (with al green)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shining light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay by me\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  591	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lennox, annie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take me to the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	train in vain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting in vain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking on broken glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	les paul & mary ford\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how high the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vaya con dios\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	les rita mitsouko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	andy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'est comme \uc2\u231\'E7\'00a\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les histoires d'a\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marcia baila\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	less than jake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	history of a boring town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	science of selling yourself short\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	let loose\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	letoya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	regret (ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	torn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lettermen, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what now my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	letters to cleo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cruel to be kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dangerous type\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here & now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you to want me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	levasseur, denise\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that is what love is all about\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  592	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	level 42\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lessons in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love games\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running in the family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	levellers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	levert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	casanova\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	levert, gerald\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	answering service\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u got that love call it a night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, barbara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i'm yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me your baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, blake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you give love a bad name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, crystal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my redeemer lives\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, donna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at the beginning (with richard marx)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you always forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you always forever (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without love\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  593	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lewis, gary & the playboys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	count me in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody loves a clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save your heart for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's just my style\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this diamond ring\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, glenn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't you forget it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, huey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	couple days off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cruisin' (with gwyneth paltrow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely teardrops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, huey & the news\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad is bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but it's alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	couple days off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you believe in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' it all for my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart & soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hip to be square\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want a new drug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if this is it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jacob's ladder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bitty pretty one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's some kind of wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the power of love\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  594	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lewis, huey & the news\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walking on a thin line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	workin' for a livin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, jerry lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	corrine corrina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	great balls of fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high school confidential\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake, rattle & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she even woke me up to say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thirty nine & holding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what made milwaukee famous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta shakin' goin' on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, leona\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a moment like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bleeding love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fireflies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	footprints in the sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homeless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see you (theme from avatar)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outta my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a bow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best you never had\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first time ever i saw your face\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  595	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lewis, leona\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trouble (with childish gambino)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever it takes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, michelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nowhere & everywhere\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lewis, smiley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i hear you knocking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	leyton, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	johnny remember me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lfo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every other time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl on tv\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna kiss you goodnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	li, lykke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i follow rivers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i follow rivers (the magician remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss it so much (with r\uc2\u246\'F6\'00yksopp)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	libertines, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't stand me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't look back into the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what became of the likely lads\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	liberty x\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a little\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lidell, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	multiply\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lifehouse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all in all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  596	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lifehouse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hanging by a moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sick cycle carousel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever it takes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	light asylum\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dark allies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	light of the world\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	london town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lighter shade of brown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey dj\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lightfoot, gordon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby step back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bitter green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	canadian railroad trilogy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carefree highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circle is small\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cotton jenny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don quixote\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	early mornin' rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for lovin' me-did she mention my name medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go-go round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you could read my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not sayin'-ribbon of darkness medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inspiration lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pussywillows cat tails\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	race among the ruins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy day people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for a winter's night\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  597	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lightfoot, gordon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	summer side of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sundown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wreck of the edmond fitzgerald\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are what i am\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lighthouse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one fine morning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lighthouse family\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lifted\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lightman, toby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my sweet song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lightning seeds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready or not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar coated iceberg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the life of riley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three lions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three lions 98\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you showed me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lights\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody breaks a glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' bow wow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bow wow (that's my name)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy (with paula deanda)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me hold you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like you (with ciara)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  598	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lil' bow wow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	marco polo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby (with jagged edge)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' jon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drink (with lmfao)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get low (with eastside boys & ying yang twins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey (with 3oh3!)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' kee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	buss it wide open\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(when kim say) can you hear me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cell block tango (with queen latifah & macy gray)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how many licks (with sisqo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all about the benjamins (remix) (with puff daddy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lighters up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic stick (with 50 cent)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the jump off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the jump off (with mr. cheeks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoa!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' mama\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lip gloss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shawty get loose (with chris brown & t-pain)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' mo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i cry (with ja rule)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could go (with angie martinez & sacario)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superwoman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' romeo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my baby (with ms. peaches)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' scrappy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad (that's her)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lil' wayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a milli\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  599	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lil' wayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a milli (remix) (ft. cory gunz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down (with jay sean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drop the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	duffle bag boy (with playaz circle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good kush and alcohol (b-tches love me) (with drake and future)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got money (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hustler muzik\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lollipop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirror (with bruno mars)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mrs. officer (with bobby valentino)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my homies still (with big sean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no worries (with detail)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop bottles (with birdman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right above it (with drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she will (with drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier (with destiny's child & t.i.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuntin' like my daddy (with birdman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you (with lloyd)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lillix\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's about time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lily, amelia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you bring me joy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	limahl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never ending story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never ending story (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	limite\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amiga mia\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	limp bizkit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	behind blue eyes\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  600	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	limp bizkit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boiler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	build a bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold cobra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my generation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nookie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	re-arranged\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a look around (from MI-2)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lind, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elusive butterfly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lindisfarne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	run for home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lindseys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ah ah\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	linear\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sending all my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lines, aaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love changes everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't hide beautiful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	linkin park\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bleed it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	castle of glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crawling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faint\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	given up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	iridescent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in the echo\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  601	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	linkin park\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my december\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	numb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	numb-encore (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one step closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papercut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papercut (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	point of authority\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pushin' me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rolling in the deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadow of the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere i belong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we made it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i've done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wretches & kings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	linton, hal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mind control\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	banana split\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the transformers theme\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lipps inc.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funky town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	liquid gold\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance youself dizzy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lisa lisa & cult jam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all cried out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head to toe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in emotion\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  602	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lipstick & bruises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miserable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my own worst enemy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zip lock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	literal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	china girl (david bowie)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little anthony & the imperials\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goin' out of my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurts so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm on the outside looking in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shimmy shimmy koko bop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears on my pillow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those oldies but goodies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two people in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishful thinking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little big town\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boondocks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring it on home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't waste my time (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything changes (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life in a northern town (with sugarland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we go together\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little boots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	earthquake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new in town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remedy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little caeser & the romans\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	those oldies but goodies\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  603	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	little dragon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scale it back (with dj shadow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twice (aaron jerome remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little eva\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keep your hands off my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the loco-motion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little feat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dixie chicken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fat man in the bathtub\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh atlanta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	willin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little mix\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cannonball\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little people, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	o white christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	by the light of the silvery moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good golly, miss molly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucille\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tutti frutti\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little river band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cool change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy anniversary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help is on its way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a long way there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome loser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reminiscing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it easy on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night owls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the other guy\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  604	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	little roger & the goosebumps\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stairway to gilligan's island\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little steven & the disciples of soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i am a patriot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little stinkers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i farted on santa's lap\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	little texas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amy's back in austin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first time for everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god blessed texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick a little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life goes on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some guys have all the love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop on a dime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what might have been\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & forever & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	live\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lakini's juice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lightning crashes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	selling the drama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple creed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the dolphin's cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white discussion\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  605	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	liverpool\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	liverpool express\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every man must have a dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	livin' joy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreamer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	living colour\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cult of personality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love rears it's ugly head\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	living end, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	prisoner of society\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's on your radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white noise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	living in a box\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	living in a box\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	livingstone, dandy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	suzanne beware of the devil\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ll cool j\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i have (with jennifer lopez)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	around the way girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' it (with leshaun)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goin' back to cali\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	headsprung\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knockin' boots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luv u better\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  606	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ll cool j\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mama said knock you out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise (with amerie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phenomenon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to da break of dawn (remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lloyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dedication to my ex (miss that) (with andre 3000)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls around the world (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how we do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how we do it (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay it down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lloyd, cher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	swagger jagger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	want u back (with astro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lmc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take me to the clouds above (vs. u2)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lmfao\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	champagne showers (with natalia kills)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in miami, b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party rock anthem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy & i know it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry for party rocking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lo fidelity allstars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	battle flag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lobo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't tell me goodnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream lover\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  607	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lobo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	end of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faithful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd love you to want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it sure took a long long time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & you & a dog named boo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	local h\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the kids are right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bound for the floor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	locke, kimberly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	locklin, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	geisha girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a little more like heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please help me, i'm falling (in love with you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send me the pillow that you dream on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loeb, lisa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's forget about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay (i missed you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taffy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for wednesday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	logan, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's another year\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loggins & messina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angry eyes\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  608	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	loggins & messina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	danny's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run river run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your mama don't dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loggins, dave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nobody loves me like you do (with anne murray)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please come to boston\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loggins, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	celebrate me home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danger zone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	footloose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart to heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm free (heaven helps the man)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me half way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	return to pooh corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the house at pooh corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the real thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever i call you friend (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever i call you friend (with stevie nicks)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lohan, lindsay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	confessions of a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drama queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i decide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i live for the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magnet\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  609	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lohan, lindsay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rumors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ultimate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loizeau, emily\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	je suis jalouse\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	london boys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	london nights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	london, julie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry me a river\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	london, theophilus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i stand alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	londonbeat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a better love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been thinking about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lonely heart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	radio killer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lonely island\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	3-way (the golden rule) (with justin timberlake & lady gaga)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bing bong brothers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boombox (with julian casablancas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool guys don't look at explosions (with will ferrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamgirl (with norah jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just had sex (with akon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm on a boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm on a boat (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack sparrow (with michael bolton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jizz in my pants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazy sunday (with chris parnell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a boss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a boss (with seth rogen)\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  610	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lonely island\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	motherlover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	natalie's rap (with natalie portman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no homo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	punch you in the jeans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ras trent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shrooms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shy ronnie 2 (ronnie & clyde) (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the creep (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	threw it on the ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we like sportz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're back!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yolo (with adam levine and kendrick lamar)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lonesome river band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	am i a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary ann\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sittin' on top of the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lonestar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amazed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	class reunion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come cryin' to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything's changed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm already there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. mom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no news\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not a day goes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' away with my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell her\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  611	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lonestar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tequila talkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unusually unusual\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking in memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what about now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you walked in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	long, shorty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	function at the junction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the judge\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	long-reef\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lonely\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	look, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i am the beat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	looking glass\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brandy (you're a fine girl)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loose ends\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hangin' on a string\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lopez, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't it funny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i have (with ll cool j)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby i love u!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could this be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance again (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you had my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you had my love (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm glad\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  612	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lopez, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gonna be alright (with 50 cent)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna be alright (with nas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm into you (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm real (with ja rule)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jenny from the block\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jenny from the block (with jadakiss & styles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lets get loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love don't cost a thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the floor (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lopez, trini\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crooked little man (don't let the rain come down)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna get along without ya' now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lords of acid\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crablouse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i sit on acid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p-ssy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	los bravos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black is black\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	los del rio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	macarena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	macarena (bayside boys mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	macerena (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	los lobos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	la bamba\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rango theme song\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  613	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	los lonely boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	los tigres del norte\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ando amanecido\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c\uc2\u225\'E1\'00usame la muerte\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	con la soga al cuello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	de paisano a paisano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	de rama en rama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jos\uc2\u233\'E9\'00 p\uc2\u233\'E9\'00rez le\uc2\u243\'F3\'00n\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la puerta negra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la reina del sur\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lagrimas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prision de amor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lost trailers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lostprophets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's not the end of the world but i can see it from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last train home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make a move\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start something\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lott, pixie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all about tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	apologize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lotti, helmut\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you'll win\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  614	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	louise\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stuck in the middle with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lousiana's leroux\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new orleans ladies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	louvin brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't believe you've met my baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lovage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anger management\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	book of the month\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex (i'm a)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strangers on a train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stroker ace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to catch a thief\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lovato, demi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give your heart a break\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me, myself & time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skyscraper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is me (with joe jonas)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	love\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	7 & 7 is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a house is not a motel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	love & rockets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ball of confusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haunted la femme d'argent mashup (vs. air)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirror people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no new tale to tell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet lover hangover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yin and yang (the flowepot man)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	love affair\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everlasting love\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  615	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	love, courtney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mono\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	love, darlene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	marshmallow world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	love-hewitt, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how do i deal\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loveless, patty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a thousand times a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blame it on your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stop myself from loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't toss us away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halfway down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high on love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how can i help you say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt me bad (in a real good way)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i try to think about elvis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm that kind of girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealous bone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep your distance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like water into wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely side of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovin' all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kind of woman, my kind of man (with vince gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of control raging fire (with travis tritt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send a message to my heart (with dwight yoakam)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul of constant sorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boys are back in town\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  616	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	loveless, patty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the night's too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	timber i'm falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to have you back again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the fallen angels fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can feel bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't even know who i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't seem to miss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you will\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	loverboy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dirty dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot girls in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovin' every minute of it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	notorious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of the broken hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the kid is hot tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn me loose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working for the weekend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lovett, lyle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funny how time slips away (with al green)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i loved you yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's no lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lovett, ruby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little bitty crack in his heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lovich, lene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lucky number\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lovin' spoonful\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daydream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did you ever have to make up your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't wanna have to do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you believe in magic\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  617	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lovin' spoonful\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nashville cats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer in the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you didn't have to be so nice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	younger girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	low\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hatchet (optimimi version) (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	low, rob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ordinary world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lowe, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the green door\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lowe, nick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cruel to be kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i knew the bride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love the sound of breaking glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marie provost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ragin' eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lsg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my body\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	l'trimm\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cars with the boom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ludacris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	act a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	area codes (with nate dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blow it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamond in the back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glamorous (with fergie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go 2 sleep\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  618	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ludacris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gossip folks (with missy elliott)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hip hop quotables\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hoes in my room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holidae in (with chingy & snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how low (with shawna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moneymaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my chick bad (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	number one spot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh (with ciara)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pimpin' all over the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p-poppin (with shawnna & lil' fate)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	representin' (with kelly rowland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rest of my life (with usher & david guetta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollout (my business)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway love (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday (oooh! ooooh!)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake that sh-t (with shawna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern hospitality (with pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	splash waterfalls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand up!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still standing (with monica)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the potion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's your fantasy (with trina)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ludo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me dead\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lulu\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boom bang-a-bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh me oh my\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man with the golden gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to sir with love\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  619	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	luman, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lonely women make good lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you say love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lumidee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crashin' a party\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lumineers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flowers in your hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ho hey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow it down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	luniz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i got 5 on it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	luscious jackson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ladyfingers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naked eye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	de-luxe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweetness and light\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lyda, jacob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm doing alright\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lymon, frankie & the teenagers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goody goody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why do fools fall in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynch, liam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	united states of whatever\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynch, stephen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	albino\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beelz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bitch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the ladies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grandfather\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  620	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lynch, stephen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	half a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halloween\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hermaphrodite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jim henson's dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little tiny moustache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mixer at delta chi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mothers day song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's gotta smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	special olympics\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vanilla ice cream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you (prettier than)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynn, cheryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	encore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to be real\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynn, loretta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the fire is gone (with conway twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amazing grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as soon as i hang up the phone (with conway twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before i'm over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue kentucky girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coal miner's daughter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country in my genes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear uncle sam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't come home a-drinkin' (with lovin' on your mind)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelings (with conway twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fist city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  621	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lynn, loretta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here i am again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey loretta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't feel you anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't hear the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't love you enough (with conway twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel like traveling on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the sweet by & by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a picture of us on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a closer walk with thee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lead me on (with conway twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	louisiana woman, mississippi man (with conway twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is the foundation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old rugged cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old time religion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one's on the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of my head & back in my bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace in the valley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	portland oregon (with jack white)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver threads & golden needles (with dolly parton & tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	success\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing low, sweet chariot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	table for two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the morning after baby let me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the pill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they don't make 'em like my daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tippy toeing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a friend we have in jesus\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  622	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lynn, loretta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what kind of girl (do you think i am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the roll is called up yonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the tingle becomes a chill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will the circle be unbroken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wine, women & song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wings of a dove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wings upon your horns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you ain't woman enough to take my man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're lookin' at country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the reason our kids are ugly (with conway twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've just stepped in (from stepping out on me)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynn, shelby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another chance at love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me i'm crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wall in your heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynn, vera\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we'll meet again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynne, jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercy mercy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynne, rockie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lipstick\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynne, shelby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wall in your heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynns, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nights like these\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman to woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lynyrd skynyrd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me the breeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comin' home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't ask me no questions\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  623	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	lynyrd skynyrd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	double trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four walls of raiford\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free bird (full version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme back my bullets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme three steps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i ain't the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know a little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the hunt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison whiskey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red, white & blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still unbroken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swamp music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet home alabama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	t for texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that smell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ballad of curtis loew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the needle & the spoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tuesday's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey rock-a-roller\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working for mca\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got that right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	lyttle, kevin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turn me on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	m\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pop muzik\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	m people\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	itchycoo park\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  624	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	m.i.a.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boyz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bucky done gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	galang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	internet connection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jimmy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper planes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper planes dead or alive mashup (vs. bon jovi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshowers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	xxxo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	m2m\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't say you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	m83\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	midnight city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reunion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maccoll, kirsty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	england 2, columbia 0\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fairy tale of new york (with the pogues)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in these shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a guy works down the chip shop...\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	macdonald , amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr rock & roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	macdonald, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	poison prince\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mack & mabel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna make the world laugh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't send roses\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  625	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mack, warner\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the bridge washed out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	macklemore & ryan lewis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't hold us (with ray dalton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same love (with hook)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same love (with mary lambert)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thrift shop (with hook)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thrift shop (with wanz)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mad season\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	river of deceit\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	madame mayhem\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addicted to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	madcon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beggin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	madness\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baggy trousers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cardiac arrest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	driving in my car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	embarrassment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grey day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it must be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love struck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	michael caine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night boat to cairo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one better day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one step beyond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame & scandal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sun & the rain\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  626	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	madness\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wings of a dove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	madonna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4 minutes (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amazing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be careful (cuidado con mi coraz\uc2\u243\'F3\'00n) (with ricky martin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	borderline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	causing a commotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear jessie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deeper & deeper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	die another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	die another day (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry for me argentina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't tell me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dress you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drowned world substitute for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	erotica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	express yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frozen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frozen (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	future lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get together\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  627	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	madonna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl gone wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me all your luvin' (with nicki minaj & m.i.a.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hanky panky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollywood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human nature\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hung up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hung up (album version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you (with massive attack)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	impressive instant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	intervention\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into the groove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	justify my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la isla bonita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	latte\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a virgin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live to tell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love don't live here anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love profusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	masterpiece\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	material girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me against the music (with britney spears)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miles away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  628	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	madonna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mother & father\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing fails\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing really matters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing really matters (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh father\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa don't preach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ray of light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ray of light (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rescue me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set it right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sooner or later\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swim\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a bow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the power of goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thief of hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this used to be my playground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn up the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vogue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what it feels like for a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	x static process\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you must love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll see\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  629	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	maejor, bei\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble (with j. cole)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	magazine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shot by both sides\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	magic numbers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see you see me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's a game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	magnapop\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	open the door\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	magnetic fields, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too drunk to dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too drunk to dream (no intro bgv)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	magnetic man\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anthemic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getting nowhere (with  john legend)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need air\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mahone, austin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	say somethin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	main ingredient\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody plays the fool\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maino\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that could be us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maisonettes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartache avenus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	major, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i do it for the money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	majors, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the unknown stuntman (fall guy theme)\par
\pard\sb284\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  630	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	makeba, miriam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pata pata\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	malloy, mitch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nobody wins in this war\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	malmsteen, yngwie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heaven tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	malo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	suavecito\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	malone, tony & the rapparees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wearin' of the green\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mamas & the papas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california dreamin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creeque alley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dedicated to the one i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream a little dream of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i call your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw her again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's getting better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monday monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	man or astro-man\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	evert 1 pipkin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel de amor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arrancame el corazon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bendita tu luz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cachito\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clavado en un bar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	combatiente\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	como te deseo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	de pies a cabeza\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dime luna\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  631	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	donde jugaran los ninos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el rey tiburon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el viaje\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	en el muelle de san blas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hechicera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	labios compartidos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manda una senal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mariposa traicionera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me vale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ojala pudiera borrarte\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pedido en un barco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	relax\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	se me olvido otra vez\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somos mar y arena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	te liore un rio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	te solte a rienda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tengo muchas alas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tu me salvaste\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tu tienes lo que quiero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manchester, melissa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come in from the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry out loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight blue (i think we can make it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through the eyes of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you should hear how she talks about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mandel, howie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mockingbird song (bobby's world)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mandel, johnny & mike altman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	suicide is painless (mash theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mandrell, barbara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(if loving you is wrong) i don't want to be right\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  632	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mandrell, barbara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after closing time (with david houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crackers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast lanes & country roads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday, dear heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was country when country wasn't cool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in times like these\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	married, but not to each other\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one mends a broken heart like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of a kind pair of fools\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only a lonely heart knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleeping single in a double bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	theres no love in tennessee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till you're gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight my baby's coming back\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mandrell, louise\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wanna say yes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manfred mann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	5 4 3 2 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blinded by the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	davy's on the road again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do wah diddy diddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fox on the run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haha said the clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you gotta go, go now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mighty quinn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mohair sam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my name is jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh no not my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty flamingo\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  633	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	manfred mann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	semi-detached suburban mr. james\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sha la la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spirits in the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manhattan transfer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boy from new york city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chanson d'amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	operator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too busy thinking about my baby (with phil collins)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manhattans, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't take your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss & say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shining star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manic street preachers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a design for life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	autumn song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	design for life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything must go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	found that soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you tolerate this then your children will be next\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let robson sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	masses againgst the classes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	motorcycle emptiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ocean spray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suicide is painless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the everlasting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why so sad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you stole the sun from my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love alone is not enough\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manilow, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the time\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  634	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	manilow, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and i love her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you lonesome tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as sure as i'm standing here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bandstand boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue velvet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	border train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brooklyn blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't smile without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't take my eyes off of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherish & windy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come dance with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	copacabana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could it be magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could it be magic (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daybreak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i haven't changed the room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i made it through the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i write the songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we only have love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you remember me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's hang on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looks like we made it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a many splendored thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moment to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never met a man\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  635	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	manilow, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new york city rhythm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of these days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one voice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raindrops keep fallin' on my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready to take a chance again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sandra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ships\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some good things never last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some kind of friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some sweet day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere down the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strangers in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a kind of hush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this guy's in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this one's for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tryin' to get the feeling again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	venus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weekend in new england\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i wanted you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when october goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the good times come again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are they now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do i go from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who needs to dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young at heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've lost that lovin' feeling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mann, aimee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	going through the motions\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  636	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mann, aimee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stupid thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's just what you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wise up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mann, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who put the bomp\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mann, tamela\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take me to the king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manowar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	courage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fighting the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manson, marilyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coma white\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disposable teens\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dope show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart shaped glasses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no reflection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	personal jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dreams (are made of this)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tainted love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beautiful people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the nobodies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tourniquet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mansun\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wide open space\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	manuva, roots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	witness the fitness\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maramalde\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	reflection of my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marcel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country rock star\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  637	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	marcels, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	march, april\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chick habit\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	march, little peggy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will follow him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marcy playground\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's saturday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saint joe on the school bus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex & candy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mardones, benny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	into the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maresca, ernie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shout! shout!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	margaret, ann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bye bye birdie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maria, ida\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like you so much better when you're naked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh my god\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mariachi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alla en el rancho grande\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ay, jalisco no te rajes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	besame mucho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cielito lindo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cucurrucucu paloma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guantanamera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la cucaracha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la paloma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la retirada\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mananitas tapatias\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mexico lindo y querido\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no volvere\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  638	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mariachi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pa todo el ano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solamente una vez\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	volver volver\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marie sisters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	real bad mood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marie, kelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feels like i'm in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marie, teena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	behind the groove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire & desire (with rick james)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a sucker for your love (with rick james)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out on a limb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	square biz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marillion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lavender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar mice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marina & the diamonds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i am not a) robot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollywood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mowgli's road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power & control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	primadonna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radioactive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shampain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starring role\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mario\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break up (with gucci mane)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how could you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a friend 2002\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me love you\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  639	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	markie, biz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is something for the radio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marky mark & the funky bunch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good vibrations\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marley, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	african herbsman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad card\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bob marley medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buffalo soldier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could you be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't rock the boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exodus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get up stand up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i shot the sheriff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	iron lion zion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jammin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jammin' (benny benassi remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kaya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lively up yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	natural mystic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no woman, no cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no woman, no cry (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	positive vibration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put it on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	redemption song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	redemption song (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfy my soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small axe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul rebel\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  640	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	marley, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stir it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sun is shining (funkstar deluxe remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talking blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	them belly full (but we hungry)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three little birds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the lights down low (with lauryn hill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting in vain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marley, damian ''jr. gong''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	welcome to jamrock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marley, ziggy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	conscious party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look who's dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is my religion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one bright day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power 2 move ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow people\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marmalade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lovin' things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ob la di, ob la da\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait for me mary ann\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maroon 5\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daylight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give a little more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harder to breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i ain't got you (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never see your face again (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladykiller\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky strike\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makes me wonder\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  641	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	maroon 5\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	misery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misery (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moves like jagger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moves like jagger (with christina aguilera)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	must get out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never gonna leave this bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not coming home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	payphone (with wiz khalifa)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she will be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweetest goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tangled\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you look tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tickets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	won't go home without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marrs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pump up the volume\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mars volta, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	l'via l'viaquez (edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the widow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mars, bruno\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billionaire (with travis mccoy)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  642	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mars, bruno\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	count on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grenade (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grenade (piano version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it will rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are (piano version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lighters (with bad meets evil)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liquor store blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	locked out of heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marry you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in brooklyn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talking to the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lazy song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the other side (with cee-lo & b.o.b.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today my life begins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i was your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mars, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how i roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the meter run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marshall tucker band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't you see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down we go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire on the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heard it in a love song\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  643	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	marshall tucker band, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	last of the singing cowboys\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marsters, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rest in peace\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martha & the muffins\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	echo beach\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martha & the vandellas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come & get these memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing in the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heat wave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm ready for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jimmy mack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is like a heatwave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nowhere to run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quicksand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martika\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i feel the earth move\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love... thy will be done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toy soldiers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hummers in heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, billy ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your loving arms (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, brad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before i knew better\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	homecoming (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of the heart of the sky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a marshmallow world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't that a kick in the head\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  644	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	martin, dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby it's cold outside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby it's cold outside (with martina mcbride)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bumming around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody loves somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody loves somebody (uptempo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how d'ya like your eggs in the morning (with helen o'connell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	innamorata\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got my love to keep me warm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it snow! let it snow! let it snow!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little 'ole wine drinker me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mambo italiano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories are made of this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the street where you live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	return to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sam's song (with sammy davis, jr.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday (you'll want me to want you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing on the corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me in your arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's amore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the door is still open to my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the naughty lady of shady lane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	volare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're drinking-gentleman is a tramp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're nobody 'til somebody loves you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never find someone like you\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  645	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	martin, marilyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	separate lives (with phil collins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through his eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be careful (cuidado con mi coraz\uc2\u243\'F3\'00n) (with madonna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' la vida loca\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' la vida loca (big brass remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' la vida loca (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loaded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody wants to be lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody wants to be lonely (with christina aguilera)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	private emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	private emotion (with meja)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saint tropez\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your bon bon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she bangs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's all i ever had\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cup of life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, steve & toot uncommons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	king tut\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martin, tony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i get ideas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martinez, angie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i could go (with lil' mo & sacario)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martinez, vicci\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come along (with cee lo green)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	martino, al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy's little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking in the sand\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  646	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	martins, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	count your blessings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't want to miss a thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only god knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rejoice with exceeding great joy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marvelettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beechwood 4-5789\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't mess with bill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please mr. postman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too many fish in the sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're young & in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marvelous 3\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freak of the week\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marvin, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wanderin' star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marx, groucho\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lydia the tattooed lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	marx, richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angelia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at the beginning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at the beginning (with donna lewis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chains around my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	children of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't mean nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless summer nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hazard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on to the nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep coming back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love unemotional\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing left behind us\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  647	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	marx, richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	now & forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should've known better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight from my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take this heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way she loves me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too late to say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until i find you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mary jane girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all night long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my house\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mary mary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	survive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mase\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathe, stretch, shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	top of the world (with brandy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome back\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mashups\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abc-o.p.p. (the jackson 5+naughty by nature)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all we ever wanted was sia (bauhaus+sia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful uprising (muse+marilyn manson+8 more)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beethoven's fifth gold digger (kanye west+walter murphy+beethoven)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black clothes (johnny cash+will smith+acdc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boulevard of broken songs (green day+oasis+aerosmith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys don't get paranoid (ozzy osbourne+the cure)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call me a hole (nine inch nails + carly rae jepsen)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  648	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mashups\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	careless or dead (bon jovi+george michael)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chess game at the gates of hell (flaming lips+busta rhymes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	detox (amy winehouse+britney spears)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop believin' in planet rock (journey+afrika bambaataa)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry what's up (4 non blondes+bobby mcferrin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enter you (bryan adams vs. metallica)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	folsom pinball blues (the who+johnny cash)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory days (john cougar mellencamp+van morrison+bruce springsteen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god save the ray of light (the sex pistols+madonna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grapevine girl (nirvana+marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang 'em high on gilligan's island (booker t+sherwood schwartz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haunted la femme d'argent (air+love & rockets)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helter skelter mountain (the beatles+janes addiction)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here come the dreams again (fleetwood mac+eurythmics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollaback headhunter (gwen steffani+front 242)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of amazing grace (the animals+judy collins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel bela (bauhaus+donna summer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want a new ghostbusters (huey lewis+ray parker jr.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll melt like heaven (the cure+modern english)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma in the life (the beatles+radiohead)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lips like a crazy train (ozzy osbourne+echo & the bunnymen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin in-a-gadda-da-vida loca (ricky martin+iron butterfly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never give up the small things (rick astley+blink 182)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pants will rock you (queen+general larry platt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper planes dead or alive (bon jovi+m.i.a.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passenger fever (iggy pop+peggy lee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poker humps (lady gaga+the black eyed peas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	relax thriller (michael jackson+frankie goes to hollywood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock the uptight casbah (the clash+stevie wonder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy peek-a-back (justin timberlake+siouxsie & the banshees)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she sells white weddings (the cult+billy idol)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since u been gahan (kelly clarckson+depeche mode)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  649	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mashups\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smells like billie jean (nirvana+michael jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smells like strangelove (nirvana+depeche mode)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing in the way of connection (elastica+the gossip)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stardust kids (david bowie+mgmt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet nation of army dreams (the white stripes+the eurythmics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tainted like you (soft cell+the dandy warhols)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me out for once (the talking heads+franz ferdinand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tender umbrella (rihanna+general public)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked wedding (billy idol+chris isaak)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you believe me all night long (cher+acdc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you spin me upside down (dead or alive+diana ross)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	perfect (exceeder) (vs. princess superstar)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mason, mila\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closer to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the strong one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	massive attack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i against i (feat. mos def)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inertia creeps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karmacoma (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	protection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teardrop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unfinished sympathy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	masta ace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	master p.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i miss my homies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make 'em say uhh\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  650	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	master p.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mastodon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blood & thunder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oblivion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	matassa, lisa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	matchbox 20\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	3 am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back 2 good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bright lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disease\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how far we've come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last beautiful girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockabilly rebel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unwell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	material issue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	valerie loves me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mathis, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a certain smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begin the beuine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chances are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have yourself a merry little christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me, thrill me, kiss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent night\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  651	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mathis, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sleigh ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star bright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the twelfth of never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much, too little, too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much, too little, too late (with deniece williams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what will my mary say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a child is born\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful! wonderful!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	matisyahu\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	king without a crown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	matt & kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	block after block\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daylight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good ol' fashion nightmare\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mattea, kathy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	455 rocket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a few good things remain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	among the missing (with michael mcdonald)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	asking us to dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning old memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clown in your rodeo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come from the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eighteen wheels & a dozen roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goin' gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm on your side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome standard time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love at the five & dime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe she's human\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's gonna rain on our parade\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  652	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mattea, kathy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	patiently waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seeds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she came from fort worth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing knee deep in a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time passes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	train of memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble with angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untold stories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk the way the wind blows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking away a winner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where've you been\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta holes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	matterhorn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the country gentleman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	matthew good band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello time bomb\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mauboy, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	galaxy (with stan walker)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running back (with flo rida)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maughan, susan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bobby's girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mauriat, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chitty chitty bang bang\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mavericks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all that heaven will allow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all you ever do is bring me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance the night away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh what a thrill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my heart\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  653	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mavericks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	think of me (when you're lonely)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a cryin' shame\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	max-a-million\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sexual healing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maximo park\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	apply some pressure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	books boxes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls who play guitars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going missing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	graffiti\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our velocity\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maxwell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fortunate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get to know ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suitelady (the proposal jam)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sumthin' sumthin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this woman's work\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	may, imelda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big bad handsome man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside out (with blue jay gonzalez)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny got a boom boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kentish town waltz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love tattoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mayhem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet you at the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud & humble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tainted love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maya, edward\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stereo love (with vika jigulina)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  654	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mayall, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	looking back\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mayday parade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me hopeless, but not romantic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh well, oh well\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mayer, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	belief\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bigger than my body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daughters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half of my heart (with taylor swift)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak warfare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my stupid mouth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no such thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadow days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your body is a wonderland\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mayfield, curtis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(don't worry) if there's a hell below we're all going to go (long)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freddie's dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's do it again (with repercussions)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move on up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new world order\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superfly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maynard, conor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't say no\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mayne, g.t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold of me (with dallas blocker & z-ro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	maze\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before i let go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joy & pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the morning after (with frankie beverley)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  655	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mazzy star\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fade into you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc 900 ft jesus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i only had a brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going straight to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real black angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the city sleeps (remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc breed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no future in yo' frontin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boys don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cookie breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evergreen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fette's vette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hijack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tasty face (bath salts)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tussin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toothpick splifs (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tractor beam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white kids love hip hop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc frontalot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bizarro genius baby (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bizarro genius baby (solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	critical hit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diseases of yore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diseases of yore (intro added)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diseases of yore (with jonathan coulton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first world problems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goth girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll form the head (with zealous1 & dr. awkward)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' at the corner of dude and catastrophe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nerdcore rising\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  656	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mc frontalot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nerdcore rising (with mc hawking)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rappers we crush (with kompressor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tongue-clucking grammarian\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victorian space prostitute (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victorian space prostitute (solo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc hammer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addams groove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do not pass me by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you seen her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	praise the lord together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pumps & a bump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too legit to quit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u can't touch this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc lars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	history's greatest a$$holes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lars attacks!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer camp love (is so in tents)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this gigantic robot kills\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc lyte\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keep on, keepin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruffneck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you won't do for love (with boyz II men)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mc5\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kick out the jams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcanally, shane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are your eyes still blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say anything\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcbride & the ride\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	been there\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  657	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcbride & the ride\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can i count on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going out of my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hangin' in & hangin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurry sundown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on the loose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sacred ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody will\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcbride, martina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a broken wing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a great disguise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blessed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheap whiskey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	concrete angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry on the shoulder of the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for these times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god's will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have yourself a merry little christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i still miss someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my daughter's eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	independence day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life #9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's the only house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby loves me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the rainbow (live)\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  658	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcbride, martina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	phones are ringin' all over town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	safe in the arms of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a butterfly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still holding on (with clint black)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that wasn't me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this one's for the girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til i can make it on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time has come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trip around the sun (with jimmy buffett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wearing white\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever you say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when god fearing women get the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where i used to have a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where would you be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccabe, coley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	grow young with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccain, edwin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go be young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could not ask for more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solitude (with darius rucker)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry to a friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccall, c.w.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	convoy\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  659	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mccall, c.w.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wolf creek pass\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccann, lila\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come a little closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what angels do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to get me to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yippy ky yay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccann, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you wanna make love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccartney, jesse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	because you live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best day of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get your shine on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right where you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second star to the right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's no you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that was then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's your name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccartney, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't that a shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arrow through me\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  660	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mccartney, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coming up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebony & ivory (with stevie wonder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fine line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom (concert for nyc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from a lover to a friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hope of deliverance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jenny wren\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary had a little lamb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe i'm amazed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my brave face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nineteen hundred & eighty-five\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more lonely nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once upon a long ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say, say, say (with michael jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band (with u2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silly love songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spies like us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temporary secretary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl is mine (with michael jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the world tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this never happened before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too many people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tug of war\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncle albert-admiral halsey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vanilla sky\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  661	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mccartney, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	venus & mars rock show (long version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	venus and mars rock show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanderlust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterfalls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we all stand together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with a little luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful christmastime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your loving flame\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccartney, paul & wings\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	band on the run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bluebird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helen wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hi hi hi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	junior's farm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let 'em in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me roll it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to what the man said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live & let die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	medicine jar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mull of kintyre\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pipes of peace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silly love songs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcclain, charly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancing your memory away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise tonight (with mickey gilley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sentimental ol' you\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  662	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcclain, charly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sleepin' with the radio on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's cheatin' who\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcclinton, delbert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	givin' it up for your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good man, good woman (with bonnie raitt)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccollum, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kill the wabbit (ozzy fudd)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccomas, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	99% sure (i've never been here before)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could never love you enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	middle of nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night disappear with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccoo, marilyn & billy davis, jr.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you don't have to be a star (to be in my show)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccoury brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walk out in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccoy, neal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a-ok\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billy's got his beer goggles on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for a change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever works for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going, going, gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i was a drinkin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you cant be good (be good at it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love happens like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no doubt about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that woman of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the city put the country back in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girls of summer\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  663	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mccoy, neal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the luckiest man in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then you can tell me goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they're playing our song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gotta love that\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccoy, travie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	billionaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll be alright\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccoys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hang on sloopy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccrae, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's been so long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock your baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccready, mindy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a girl's gotta do (what a girl's gotta do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i want is everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guys do it all the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe he'll notice her now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe, maybe not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one in a million\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	other side of this kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten thousand angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the other side of this kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccready, rich\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hangin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinkin' strait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when hell freezes over\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  664	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mccurdy, jennette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not that far away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mccutcheon, martine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on the radio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcdaniel, mel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby's got her blue jeans on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it roll (let it rock)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	louisiana saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcdaniels, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hundred pounds of clay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcdonald, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this is the life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcdonald, jane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nine times out of ten\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcdonald, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no mountain high enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	among the missing (with kathy mattea)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i keep forgettin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matters of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not so distant day (with jamie o'neal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my own (with patti labelle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet friction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it to heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the meaning of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while you wait for the others (with grizzly bear)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yah mo b there (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcdowell, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all tied up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a new york minute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's little ups & downs\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  665	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcdowell, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	older women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watchin' girls go by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're gonna ruin my bad reputation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcentire, reba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't even get the blues no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cathy's clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	climb that mountain high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does he love you (with linda davis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every other weekend (with kenny chesney)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything that you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling out of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fancy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for herself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for my broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he gets that from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he wants to get married\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how was i to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't think love ought to be that way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know how he feels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't stand in line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather ride around with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had only known\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you see him, if you see her (with brooks & dunn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a survivor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna take that mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not that lonely yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is there life out there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your call\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  666	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcentire, reba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a little love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last one to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the music lift you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lighter shade of blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will find it's way to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new fool at an old game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oklahoma swing (with vince gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one honest heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one promise too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only in my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please come to boston\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring on her finger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rumor has it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she thinks his name was john\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's calling it love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silly me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody should leave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starting over again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet music man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fear of being alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greatest man i never knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heart is a lonely hunter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heart won't lie (with vince gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night the lights went out in georgia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they asked about you\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  667	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcentire, reba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	'til love comes again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today all over again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn on the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what am i gonna do about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do you say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoever's in new england\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why haven't i heard from you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you lift me up to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're gonna be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the first time i've thought about leaving\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcevoy, eleanor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	only a woman's heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcfadden & whitehead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no stoppin' us now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcfadden, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	irish son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcferrin, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't worry be happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry what's up mashup (vs. 4 non blondes)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcfly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	5 colours in her hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be ok\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	obviously\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please please\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  668	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcfly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	room on the 3rd floor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry's not good enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heart never lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ultraviolet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got a friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcgovern, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	soccer practice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcgraw, tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want is a life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angry all the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angry all the time (with faith hill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring on the rain (with jo dee messina)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't be really gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you want fries with that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't take the girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down on the farm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for a little while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grown men don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how bad do you want it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got friends that do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like it, i love it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're reading this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indian outlaw\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your love (with faith hill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just to see you smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kill myself\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  669	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcgraw, tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kristofferson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's make love (with faith hill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like we never loved at all (with faith hill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live like you were dying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my best friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my next thirty years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not a moment too soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old town new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of these days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over & over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please remember me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real good man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red ragtop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	refried dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she never lets it go to her heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's my kind of rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some things never change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telluride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cowboy in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last dollar (fly away)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the trouble with never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tiny dancer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbroken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk like a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watch the wind blow by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the stars go blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the green grass grows\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcgregor, ewan (with nicole kidman)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come what may\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  670	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcgregor, mary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	torn between two lovers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcguinn, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mrs. steven rudy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she doesn't dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's a plan\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcguinness flint\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i'm dead & gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcguire sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sincerely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugartime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcguire, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eve of destruction\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcintyre, joey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love you came too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay the same\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mckay, franklin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	more than a memory\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mckay, lance\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your memory & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mckee, maria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if love is a red dress\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mckennitt, loreena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	prologue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mummer's dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mystic's dream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mckenzie, bob & doug\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	twelve days of christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mckenzie, scott\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	san francisco\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcknight, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	6 8 12\par
\pard\sb14\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  671	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcknight, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anytime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back at one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall 5.0\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is (with vanessa williams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the down low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one last cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay or let it go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temptation (with brian mcknight jr.)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mckuen, rod\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jean\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mclachlan, sarah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	answer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	building a mystery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty little secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do what you have to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drifting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full of grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fumbling towards ecstasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will remember you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will remember you (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ice cream (live)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  672	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mclachlan, sarah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ol' 55\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	possession\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silence (with delirium)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	train wreck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world on fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mclaren, malcom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	double dutch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mclaughlin, jon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if only i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer is over (with sara bareilles)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mclean, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and i love you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	castles in the air\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody loves me, baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three flights up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vincent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winterwood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcmann, gerard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry little sister\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcmanus, michelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the meaning of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcneal, lutrica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't that just the way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcnee, patrick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kinky boots\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  673	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mcphatter, clyde\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lover please\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcphee, katharine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i've had) the time of my life (with taylor hicks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black horse & cherry tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere over the rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mcvie, christine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	got a hold on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mdo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	groove with me tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	me first & the gimme gimmes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i believe i can fly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mead, sister janet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the lord's prayer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	meadows, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	100% cowboy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	meat loaf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a kiss is a terrible thing to waste\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all revved up with no place to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bat out of hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blind as a bat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	couldn't have said it better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	couldn't have said it better (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead ringer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead ringer for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead ringer for love (with cher)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything louder than everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for crying out loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven can wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot patootie bless my soul\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  674	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	meat loaf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot summer night you took the words right out of my mouth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i would do anything for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd do anything for love (but i won't do that)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd lie for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd lie for you (and that's the tru\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd lie for you (with patti russo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll kill you if you don't come back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna love her for both of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is a lemon & i want my money back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	los angeloser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight at the lost & found\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no matter what\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not a dry eye in the house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	objects in the rearview mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of the frying pan (and into the fire) (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise by the dashboard light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	read 'em & weep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll dreams come through\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' for the red light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight is right for love (with chef)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two out of three ain't bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you took the words right out of my mouth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you took the words right out of my mouth (no intro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	meat puppets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	backwater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lake of fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plateau\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	medeiros, glen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothing's gonna change my love for you\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  675	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	medley, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i've had) the time of my life (with jennifer warnes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown eyed woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	meek mill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amen (with drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young & gettin' it (with kirko bangz)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	meester, leighton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your love's a drug\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	megadeth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a tout le monde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a tout le monde (with cristina scabbia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	almost honest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angry again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad omen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil's island\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good mourning black friday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i ain't superstitious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moto psycho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my last words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace sells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skin o' my teeth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleepwalker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweating bullets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweating bullets (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	symphony of destruction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the conjuring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up dead\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	meiko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	leave the lights on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	meja\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all 'bout the money\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  676	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	meja\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	private emotion (with ricky martin)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mel & kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	respectable\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mel & tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	backfield in motion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mel b\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feels so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mel c\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ga ga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i turn to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	melt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	northern star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're gone (with bryan adams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yeh yeh yeh\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	melanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brand new key\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay down (candles in the rain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby tuesday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what have they done to my song, ma\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mellencamp, john cougar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't even done with the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	authority song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherry bomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crumblin' down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance naked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emotional love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get a leg up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurts so good\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  677	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mellencamp, john cougar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm not running anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack & diane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackie brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	junior\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	key west intermezzo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper in fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peaceful world (with india.arie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pink houses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play guitar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop singer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	r.o.c.k. in the u.s.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain on the scarecrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild night (with me'shell n'degeocello)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your life is now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mellons, ken\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can bring her back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jukebox junkie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rub-a-dubbin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where forever begins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	workin' for the weekend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	melua, katie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blues in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call off the search\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crawling up a hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you were a sailboat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like heaven\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  678	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	melua, katie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my aphrodesiac is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the road again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the closest thing to crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two bare feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world (with eva cassidy)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	melvin, harold & the bluenotes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad luck pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you don't know me by now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the love i lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up everybody pt.1\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	men at work\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be good johnny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down under\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a mistake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overkill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who can it be now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	men of vizion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	house keeper\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	men without hats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pop goes the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the safety dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mendes, sergio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take this love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mendes, s\uc2\u233\'E9\'00rgio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never gonna let you go (with leza miller)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mendes, s\uc2\u233\'E9\'00rgio & brasil '66\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mas que nada\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the look of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	m\uc2\u233\'E9\'00ndez, kinito\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	el rey\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  679	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	menswear\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daydreamer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mental as anything\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	live it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	menzel, idina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life of the party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minute\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mercer, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ac-cent-t chu-ate the positive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	merchant, natalie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carnival\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	children go where i send thee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the ghetto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealousy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just can't last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kind & generous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is sweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one fine day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonder\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mercury rev\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	endlessly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goddess on a hiway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	opus 40\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mercury, freddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barcelona (with montserrat caball\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my defence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living on my own (remix)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  680	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mercury, freddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the great pretender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mercyme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	word of god speak\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mermaids, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	popsicles & icicles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	merman, ethel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	there's no business like show business\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	merril, helen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you'd be so nice to come home to\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	merritt, tift\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	virginia, no one can warn you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	merriweather, daniel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	impossible\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	merseybeats, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i think of you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	messina, jo dee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring on the rain (with tim mcgraw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dare to dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you wanna make something of it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	downtime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even god must get the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heads carolina, tails california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he'd never seen julie cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lesson in leavin'\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  681	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	messina, jo dee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my give a damn's busted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no time for tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not going down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand beside me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	was that my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're not in kansas anymore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	metal elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't help falling in love when you talk dirty to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	metallica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all nightmare long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and justice for all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	battery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blackened\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken, beat & scarred\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creeping death\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cyanide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	die, die my darling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enter sandman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fade to black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for whom the bell tolls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fuel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hero of the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i disappear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	master of puppets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercyful fate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my apocalypse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no leaf clover (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing else matters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing else matters (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  682	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	metallica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride the lightning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad but true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	st. anger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stone cold crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day that never comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the end of the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the judas kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the thing that should not be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the unforgiven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the unforgiven II\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the unnamed feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the page\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until it sleeps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome home (sanitarium)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wherever i may roam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey in the jar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	method man\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break ups 2 make ups\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	release yo delf (prodigy mix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	metric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black sheep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black sheep (scott pilgrim version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blindness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathing underwater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	collect call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	combat baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eclipse (all yours)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	front row\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme sympathy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold guns girls\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  683	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	metric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	help i'm alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satellite mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sick muse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twilight galaxy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	youth without youth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	metro station\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	seventeen forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	metronomy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbreaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreaker (kris menace remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the look\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mfsb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tsop (the sound of philadelphia)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mgk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	invincible (with ester dean)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mgmt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	congratulations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electric feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flash delirium\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's working\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone's missing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for dan treacy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the youth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time to pretend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miami horror\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sometimes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miami sound machine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad boy\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  684	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	miami sound machine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	betcha say that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	conga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doctor beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dr. pressure (vs. mylo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm is gonna get you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michael learns to rock\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the actor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michael, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a different corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amazing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an easier affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brother can you spare a dime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	careless whisper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboys & angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let the sun go down on me (with elton john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything she wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything she wants (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith (with intro)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast love (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast love (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father figure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flawless (go to the city)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom! '90\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freeek!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heal the pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  685	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	michael, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i knew you were waiting (with aretha franklin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want your sex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i told you that (with whitney houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it doesn't really matter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus to a child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john & elvis are dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killer-papa was a rolling stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kissing a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother's pride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	older\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more try\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	praying for time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roxanne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song to the siren\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spinning the wheel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star people (forthright radio edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first time ever i saw your face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days of our lives (with lisa stansfield)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is not real love (with mutya buena)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to be forgiven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too funky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	understand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you have been loved\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michael, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sophisticated lady\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  686	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	michaels, lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you know what i mean\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michaelson, ingrid\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michele, chrisette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i have my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michel'le\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no more lies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michelle, k.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby you & i (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just can't do this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	michelle, yvette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everyday & everynight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mickey & sylvia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is strange\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	middle class rut\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new low\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	middle of the road\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chirpy chirpy cheep cheep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soley soley\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	midler, bette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie woogie bugle boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on-a my house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come rain or come shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you wanna dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for all we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from a distance\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  687	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	midler, bette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gift of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half as much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey, there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could have danced all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never talk to strangers (with tom waits)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i put a spell on you (hocus pocus)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i remember you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the cool, cool, cool of the evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mambo italiano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my one true friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sisters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuff like that there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tenderly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the glory of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ole house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the boardwalk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wind beneath my wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	midnight beast, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tik tok (parody)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	midnight oil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beds are burning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue sky mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forgotten years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power & the passion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put down that weapon\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  688	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	midnight oil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the dead heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u.s. forces\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	midnite star\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	operator\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mighty boosh, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love games (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mighty mighty bosstones\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the impression i get\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where'd you go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miguel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adorn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you...\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sure thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miguel, luis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	al que me siga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amarte es un placer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	contigo (estar contigo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cuando calienta el sol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dormir contigo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inolvidable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la barca\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la bikina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la media vuelta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la mentira\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mucho corazon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no me platiques mas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no se tu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o tu o ninguna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	por debajo de la mesa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sol arena y mar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suave\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  689	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	miguel, luis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	te extrano\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	te necesito\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tu y yo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	usted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voy a apagar la luz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	y\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miike snow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black & blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burial\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silvia\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mika\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any other world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big girl (you are beautiful)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billy brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blame it on the girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebrate (with pharrell williams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elle me dit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grace kelly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy ending\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick a-s\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lollipop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my interpretation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	relax, take it easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	relax, take it easy (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck in the middle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underwater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are golden\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  690	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mike & the mechanics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i need is a miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another cup of coffee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over my shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent running\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taken in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the living years\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mike flowers pops\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wonderwall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miles, buddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	them changes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miles, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miles, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one & one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	milian, christina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	am to pm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dip it low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	us against the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you look at me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	military wives\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wherever you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	millard, josh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i knew you were tribbles (when you dropped in)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miller, dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wake up & smell the whiskey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miller, dj\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	between sundays\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miller, frankie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	darlin'\par
\pard\sb307\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  691	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	miller, glenn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chattanooga choo-choo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl from ipanema\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miller, jody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	queen of the house\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miller, mitch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bye bye blackbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five foot two, eyes of blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she wore a yellow ribbon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow rose of texas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miller, ned\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	from a jack to a king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miller, roger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chug-a-lug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dang me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	engine engine #9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	england swings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	husbands & wives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kansas city star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little green apples\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old toy trains\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	milli vanilli\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all or nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby don't forget my number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blame it on the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl i'm gonna miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl you know it's true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i die\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	millie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	de hoy en adelante\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  692	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	millie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my boy lollipop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mills brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cab driver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cab driver (quartet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the shade of the old apple tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me call you sweetheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my shadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old folks at home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till then\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mills, ben\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beside you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mills, stephanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i feel good all over\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mills, walt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on ring those bells\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	milow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you and me (in my pocket)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	milsap, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a legend in my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a woman in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any day now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back on my mind again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daydreams about night things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you ever get tired of hurtin' me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i turn you on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wouldn't have missed it for the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it was almost like a song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's take the long way around the world\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  693	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	milsap, ronnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lost in the 50's tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only one love in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pure love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she keeps the home fires burning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoky mountain rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger in my house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger things have happened\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's no gettin' over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn that radio on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a difference you've made in my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mimms, garnet & the enchanters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mims\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is why i'm hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minaj, nicki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful sinner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beez in the trap (with 2 chainz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	champion (with nas, drake & young jeezy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check it out (with will.i.am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on a cone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did it on'em\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it all (with sean garrett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls fall like dominoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am your leader (with cam'ron & rick ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lil freak (with usher)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me proud (with drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moment 4 life (with drake)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  694	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	minaj, nicki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	right by my side (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right by my side (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right thru me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roman holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roman in moscow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roman in moscow (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roman's revenge (with eminem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starships\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid hoe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super bass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boys (with cassie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	va va voom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mindbenders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a groovy kind of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minelli, liza\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cabaret\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ministry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every day is halloween\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus built my hotrod\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stigmata\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thieves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what about us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work for love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minogue, dannii\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i wanna do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i begin to wonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so under pressure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch me like that (vs. jason nevins)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minogue, kylie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 hearts\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  695	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	minogue, kylie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better the devil you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get blue monday out of my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get you out of my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chocolate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come into my world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	especially for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	especially for you (with jason donovan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me just a little more time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	giving you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got to be certain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hand on your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher (with taio cruz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i should be so lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's no secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids (with robbie williams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	locomotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love at first sight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a night like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put yourself in my place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red blooded woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spinning around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step back in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears on my pillow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	timebomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn it into love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do i have to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the wild roses grow (with nick cave)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  696	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	minogue, kylie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minor threat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	minor threat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minor, shane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i think you're beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ordinary love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slave to the habit\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minott, sugar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we've got a good thing going\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mint chicks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy yes dumb no\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mint condition\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakin' my heart (pretty brown eyes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of man would i be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	minus the bear\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miracles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do it baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love machine pt.1\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mis teeq\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get it back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	style\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	misfits, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	astro zombies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	attitude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bullet\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  697	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	misfits, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	die die my darling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	great balls of fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halloween\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hatebreeders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollywood babylon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hybrid moments\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i turned into a martian\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last caress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in space\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monster mash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skulls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where eagles dare\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	miss li\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bourgeois shangri-la\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	missing persons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	destination unknown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking in l.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mission of burma\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	academy fight song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how i escaped my certain fate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's when i reach for my revolver\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mista tung twista\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tongue twista\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mis-teeq\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cant get it back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scandalous\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  698	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mis-teeq\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	style\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mitchell, guy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartaches by the number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	singing the blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mitchell, joni\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a case of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big yellow taxi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	both sides now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	both sides now (2000 version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chelsea morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coyote\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free man in paris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twisted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woodstock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you turn me on, i'm a radio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mitchell, kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go for soda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lager & ale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patio lanterns\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mitchell, lisa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	neopolitan dreams (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mitchell, vashawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nobody greater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turning around for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mixtures\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pushbike song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mizzy, vic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the addams family\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  699	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mndr\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bang bang bang (with q-tip & mark ronson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feed me diamonds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mo, keb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	prosperity blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mobiles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drowning in berlin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extreme ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	james bond theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	natural blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	porcelain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	south side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	south side (with gwen stefani)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spiders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are all made of stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why does my heart feel so bad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mocedades\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eres tu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch the wind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mock turtles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can you dig it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	modern english\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i melt with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	modern romance\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ay ay ay ay moosie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best years of our lives\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	modern talking\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cheri cheri lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheri cheri lady (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherry cherry lady\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  700	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	modern talking\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	geronimo's cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in 100 years remix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no face no name no number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch by touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can win if you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my heart, you're my soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my heart, you're my soul (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	modest mouse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	float on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ocean breathes salty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	modestep\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feel good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunlight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	modjo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chillin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mokenstef\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he's mine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moldy peaches, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anyone else but you (juno)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	molly hatchet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flirtin' with disaster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfied man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moloko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pure pleasure seeker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing it back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the time is now\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  701	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	monaco\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what do you want from me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mon\uc2\u225\'E1\'00e, janelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tightrope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tightrope (with big boi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	violet stars happy hunting\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mondo rock\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	summer of 81\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	money, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme some water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll get by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shakin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me home tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think i'm in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two tickets to paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all eyez on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before you walk out of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaks my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't take it personal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime tha beat drop (with dem franchise boyz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock knock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set it off (with missy elliott & dirtbag)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so gone\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  702	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	monica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	still standing (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boy is mine (with brandy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u should've known better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why i love you so much\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monifah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	touch it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't have to love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monkees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i'm not your) steppin' stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a little bit me, a little bit you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of your toys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as we go along\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daydream believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	early morning blues & greens\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for pete's sake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna buy me a dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna buy me a dog (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey, hey we're the monkees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get her off my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll spend my life with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last train to clarksville\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary, mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. webster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no time (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa gene's blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pleasant valley sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	randy scouse git\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  703	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	monkees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shades of gray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunny girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a giant step\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl i knew somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl i left behind me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the porpoise song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valleri\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what am i doing hangin' 'round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you just may be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you told me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drugs in my pocket\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mono\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life in mono\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monotones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	book of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monro, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from russia with love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never sing another song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kind of girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a clear day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on days like these\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	portrait of my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	softly as i leave you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the impossible dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're gonna change the world\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  704	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	monro, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who can i turn to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monroe, ashley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	satisfied\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monroe, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little georgia rose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monroe, marilyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bye bye baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamonds are a girl's best friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heat wave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be loved by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm through with love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl from little rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart belongs to daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river of no return\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monroe, vaughn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ghost riders in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there i've said it again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monroes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what do all the people know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	montana, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	didn't have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain through the roof\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	montana, french\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pop that (with rick ross, drake & lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monta\uc2\u241\'F1\'00ez, polo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	un monton de estrellas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monte, lou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dominick the donkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the darktown strutters ball\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  705	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	montenegro, pilar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	qu\uc2\u237\'ED\'00tame ese hombre\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	montez, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	montgomery gentry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back when i knew it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold one comin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy won't sell the farm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hillbilly shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever stop loving me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely & gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my town (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	self made man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she don't tell me to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something to be proud of\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fine line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do ya think about that\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	montgomery, john michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't got nothin' on us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel in my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be my baby tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer & bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country thang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cover you in kisses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	december 1943\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream on texas ladies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello l.o.v.e.\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  706	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	montgomery, john michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold on to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how was i to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can love you like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love the way you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss you a little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i swear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you've got love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letters from home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's a dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	line on love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long as i live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love working on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nickels & dimes & love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no man's land\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing catches jesus by surprise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh how she shines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rope the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sold (the grundy county auction incident)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sold (the grundy county auction)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til nothing comes between us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	montrose\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad motor scooter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	monty python\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bright side of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bruce's philosophers song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every sperm is sacred\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like chinese\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  707	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	monty python\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lumberjack song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p-nis song (not the noel coward song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sit on my face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the galaxy song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moody blues, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best way to travel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gemini dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i dreamed last night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know you're out there somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nights in white satin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	question\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride my see-saw\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steppin' in a slide zone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the story in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the voice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tuesday afternoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voices in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your wildest dreams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moon, willy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yeah yeah\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moore, chante\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love's taken over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who do i turn to\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moore, dorothy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	misty blue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moore, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cold day in hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out in the fields\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parisienne walkways\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  708	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	moore, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	still got the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sky is crying\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moore, jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's over you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moore, mandy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	candy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extraordinary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a little faith in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see the light (with zachary levi) (tangled soundtrack)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my pocket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only hope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	umbrella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk me home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will my life begin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moore, melba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this is it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moore, r. stevie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	milkshake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new wave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of the problem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puttin up the groceries\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shakin' in the sixties\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the flavour is mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why can't i write a hit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your dancing ears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moorer, allison\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a soft place to fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alabama song\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  709	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	moorer, allison\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	soft place to fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moosw\uc2\u228\'E4\'00lder musikanten\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	zum geburtstag alles gute\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morales, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who do you give your love to\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morcheeba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rome wasn't built in a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trigger hippie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morecambe & wise\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring me sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morey, sean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a hairy ass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost chickens in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic mini-van\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the annoying song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morgan, craig\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every friday afternoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god must really love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god, family & country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want us back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	international harvester\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bit of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	redneck yacht club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something to write home about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what i love about sunday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morgan, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	room full of roses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morgan, jane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the day that the rains came\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  710	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	morgan, lorrie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a picture of me without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in your arms again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by my side (with jon randall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cryin' time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	except for monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five minutes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he talks to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart over mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i go again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i didn't know my own strength\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i guess you had to be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you came back from heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not that easy to forget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe not tonight (with sammy kershaw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my night to howl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of those nights tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of your shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something in red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing tall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til a tear becomes a rose (with keith whitley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to get to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trainwreck of emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war paint\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watch me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what part of no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'd think he'd know me better\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morgan, meli'sa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do me baby\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  711	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	morissette, alanis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i really want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy (james michael mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eight easy steps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empathy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flinch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forgive me love (secret song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forgiven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guardian\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hand in my pocket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hand in my pocket (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands clean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head over feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of the house (midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see right through you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ironic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joining you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's do it (let's fall in love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not the doctor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious illusions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right through you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so pure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank u (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that i would be good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underneath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uninvited\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uninvited (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unsent\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  712	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	morissette, alanis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	woman down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you learn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you learn (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you oughta know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you oughta know (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moroder, giorgio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gloryland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together in electric dreams (philip oakey)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morphine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i know you (part III)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morricone, ennio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the ballad of hank mccain (with mike patton & john zorn)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morris, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	100% chance of rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby bye bye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't look back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave me lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the love she found in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wind beneath my wings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morris, lynn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you'll get no more of me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morrison, craig\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doin' country\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morrison, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gangster's paradise (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't let you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man in the mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	undiscovered\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up (with jessie j)\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  713	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	morrison, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you give me something\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morrison, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	return of the mack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	retutn of the mack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morrison, van\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and it stoned me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby, please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bright side of the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown eyed girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caravan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	domino\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full force gale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gloria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have i told you lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll tell me ma (with the chieftains)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into the mystic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackie wilson said (i'm in heaven when you smile)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moondance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one irish rover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please baby, please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of the slip stream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real real gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tupelo honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warm love\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  714	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	morrison, van\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wavelength\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever god shines his light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	morrissey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all you need is me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't make fun of daddy's voice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday is like sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first of the gang to die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ganglord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hairdresser on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have forgiven jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the future when all is well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	interesting drug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	interlude (with siouxsie sioux)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	irish blood, english heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me kiss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	november spawned a monster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pregnant for the last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suedehead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how people grow up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last of the international playboys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the more you ignore me, the closer i get\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the youngest was the most loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you have killed me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	motels, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mission of mercy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly last summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	total control\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  715	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	moten, wendy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come in out of the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mother love bone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stardog champion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	motley crue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't go away mad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go away mad (just go away)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down at the whiskey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dr. feelgood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	face down in the dirt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls girls girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home sweet home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i die tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kickstart my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live wire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looks that kill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nona\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	primal scream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rattlesnake shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saints of los angeles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same ol' situation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she goes down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shout at the devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slice of your pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smokin' in the boys room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sticky sweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten seconds to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time for change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too young to fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  716	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mot\uc2\u246\'F6\'00rhead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(don't need) religion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(we are) the road crew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ace of spades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	iron fist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jailbait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overkill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tear ya down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the game (triple h theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	motors, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	airport\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mott the hoople\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the young dudes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mountain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mississippi queen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mountain heart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	roses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mouskouri, nana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a place in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	aber die liebe bleibt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	adieu angelina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my trials\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ave maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guten morgen sonnenschein\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'amour en h\uc2\u233\'E9\'00ritage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'enfant au tambour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liebe lebt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the queen of hearts\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  717	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mouskouri, nana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	why worry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mousse t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	horny as a dandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex bomb\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mouth & macneal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how do you do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you do (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	move, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blackberry way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flowers in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (alvin & the chipmunks)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (an american tail)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somewhere out there (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (anchorman)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	afternoon delight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (austin powers)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy wasn't there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the two of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the two of us (from austin powers)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (blazing saddles)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blazing saddles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the french mistake\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (breakfast at tiffany's)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moon river\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (bugsy malone)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bugsy malone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (coraline)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the other father song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (crazy heart)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the weary kind\par
\pard\sb14\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  718	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	movies (dr. zhivago)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somewhere my love (lara's theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (fabulous baker boys)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my funny valentine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (fifth element)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	diva dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (footloose)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost paradise (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	footloose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (godfather)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak softly, love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (how the grinch stole christmas)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're a mean one, mr. grinch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (labyrinth)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as the world falls down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance magic dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underground\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (littlest hobo)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	maybe tomorrow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (mash)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	suicide is painless\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (men in black)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black suits comin' (nod ya head)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	men in black\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (never ending story)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never ending story\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (o brother where art thou)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	down to the river to pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am a man of constant sorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the jailhouse now\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  719	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	movies (popeye)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he needs me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (preacher's wife)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i believe in you & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (princess bride)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	storybook love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (robin hood men in tights)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	men in tights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (shrek)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disco inferno\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hooked on a feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can see clearly now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm too sexy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the swamp karaoke dance party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these boots are made for walkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i like about you (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (sister act)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	his eye is on the sparrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joyful joyful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lounge medley\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (team america-world police)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	america, f-ck yeah!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (teenage mutant ninja turtles)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	t-u-r-t-l-e power\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (the mask)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cuban pete\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (the polar express)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when christmas comes to town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (three amigos)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my little buttercup\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (valley of the dolls)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(theme from) valley of the dolls\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  720	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	movies (walk hard-the dewey cox story)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's duet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk hard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (walk the line)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jackson (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (we were soldiers)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for you (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (who framed roger rabbit)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	why don't you do right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (willy wonka & the chocolate factory)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oompa loompa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pure imagination\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (wizard of oz)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ding-dong! the witch is dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i only had a brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry old land of oz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're off to see the wizard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	movies (year without a santa claus)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heat miser-snow miser\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moving pictures\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what about me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	moyet, alison\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all cried out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invisible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love letters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love resurrection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that old devil called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weak in the presence of beauty\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  721	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mozart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	voi che sapete (from the marriage of figaro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	m-people\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moving on up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mr. big\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just take my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mr. bungle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ars moriendi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carousel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ma meeshka mow skwoz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pink cigarette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	retrovertigo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mr. cheeks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lights camera action\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the jump off (with lil' kim)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mr. hudson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	white lies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mr. mister\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kyrie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mr. t\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. t's commandment\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mraz, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	93 million miles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a beautiful mess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	curbside prophet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	geek in the pink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't give up\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  722	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mraz, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky (with colbie caillat)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the remedy (i won't worry)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wordplay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i both\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ms. dynamite\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dy na mi tee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dy-na-mi-tee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	judgement day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put him out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ms. taken\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	puke in my mouth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mud\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dyna-mite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely this christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cat crept in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the secrets that you keep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tiger feet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mudcrutch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the wrong thing to do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mudvayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forget to remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not falling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	muffs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kids in america\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mulberry lane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	harmless\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  723	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	muldaur, maria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight at the oasis\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mullen, nicole c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	redeemer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mullican, moon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll sail my ship alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mullins & black\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you didn't did ya\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mullins, rich\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	awesome god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boy like me, man like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes by step\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mullins, shawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everywhere i go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shimmer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mumba, samantha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always come back to your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby come over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta tell you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mumford & sons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	babel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	below my feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken crown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel the tide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghosts that we knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holland road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hopeless wanderer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little lion man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover of the light\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  724	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	mumford & sons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not with haste\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reminder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll away your stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thistles & weeds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	timshel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whispers in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white blank page\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter winds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mungo jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the summertime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	muppets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abc-def-ghi (big bird)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all together now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all you need is love (with cee-lo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bein' green (kermit the frog)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bohemian rhapsody (the muppet show)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	''c'' is for cookie (cookie monster)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cabin fever (muppet treasure island)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you picture that (dr. teeth & the electric mayhem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go breakin' my heart (elton john & miss piggy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme 5 (ft. the lovers of 5)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope that something better comes along (muppet movie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope that something better comes along (muppets movie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love trash (oscar the grouch)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going to go back there someday (muppet movie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it feels like christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bell rock (dr. teeth & the electric mayhem)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's a happy song (muppet movie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man or muppet (muppet movie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manah manah\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  725	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	muppets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	movin' right along\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muppet show theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never before, never again (muppet movie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piggy got back (kermit the frog)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow connection (kermit the frog)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubber duckie (ernie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailing for adventure (muppet treasure island)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scrooge (the muppet's christmas carol)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she drives me crazy (kermit, miss piggy & lily tomlin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiver my timbers (muppet treasure island)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing (sesame street)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something better (muppet treasure island)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the letter ''b'' (the beetles)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murdock, shirley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as we lay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murmurs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	la di da\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you suck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murphy, david lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dust on the bottle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time i get around you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fish ain't bitin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just don't wait around 'til she's leavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out with a bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party crowd\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murphy, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie in your butt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disco inferno (from shrek)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party all the time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatzupwitu\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  726	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	murphy, michael martin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carolina in the pines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still taking chances\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's forever for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wildfire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murphy, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cuts you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll fall with your knife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweetest drop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murray, anne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little good news\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another sleepless night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bluebird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken hearted me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could i have this dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daydream believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he thinks i still care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another woman in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little drummer boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody loves me like you do (with dave loggins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadows in the moonlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snowbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you needed me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murray, pete\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	murs, olly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance with me tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh my goodness\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  727	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	muse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	apocalypse please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blackout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bliss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterflies & hurricanes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't take my eyes off you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	citizen erased\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endlessly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling away with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feeling good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hysteria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hysteria (i want it now)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i belong to you-mon c\uc2\u339\'53\'01ur s'ouvre \uc2\u224\'E0\'00 ta voix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invincible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knights of cydonia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	madness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	map of the problematique\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	micro cuts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muscle museum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neutron star collision (love is forever)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new born\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	panic station\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plug in baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruled by secrecy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	showbiz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing for absolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stockholm syndrome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunburn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supermassive black hole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supremacy\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  728	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	muse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	survival\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a bow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the resistance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the small print\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thoughts of a dying atheist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time is running out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unatural selection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	undisclosed desires\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unintended\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	united states of eurasia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	united states of eurasia (edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uprising\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uprising mashup (10-songs-in-1)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	music explosion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little bit o' soul\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musical youth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pass the dutchie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broadway medley\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (42nd street)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	42nd street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're in the money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (across the universe)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	helter skelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna hold your hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i fell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it won t be long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh darling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (aida)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	written in the stars (duet)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  729	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (annie get your gun)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything you can do, i can do better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's no business like show business\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (annie)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	easy street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hooverville\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't need anything but you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think i'm gonna like it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a hard knock life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	n.y.c.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something was missing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're never fully dressed without a smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (anything goes)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're the top\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (avenue q)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	avenue q theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyone's a little bit racist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fantasies come true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish i could go back to college\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you were gay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not wearing underwear today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it sucks to be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my girlfriend who lives in canada\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	purpose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	schadenfreude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	school for monsters-the money song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	special\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  730	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (avenue q)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the internet is for porn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the money song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the more you ruv someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there is life outside your apartment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a fine fine line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can be as loud as the hell you want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (book of mormon)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sal tlay ka siti\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn it off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you and me (but mostly me)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (boy from oz)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i wanted was the dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bi-coastal song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry out loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything old is new again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finale i go to rio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i honestly love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather leave while i'm in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you were wondering\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lives of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once before i go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quiet please, there's a lady on stage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she loves to hear the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tenterfield saddler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (bye bye birdie)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lot of living to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one last kiss\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  731	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (bye bye birdie)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	put on a happy face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spanish rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone hour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what did i ever see in him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (cabaret)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cabaret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come rain or come shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't tell mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you could see her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it couldn't please me more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mein herr\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfectly marvelous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the money song (sitting pretty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow belongs to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two ladies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why should i wake up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wilkommen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (carousel)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you'll never walk alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (cats)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	macavity the mystery cat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memory\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (chicago)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bit of good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i care about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all that jazz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cell block tango\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	class\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funny honey\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  732	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (chicago)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i move on (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. cellophane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my own best friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nowadays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	razzle dazzle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roxie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we both reached for the gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're good to mama\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (chorus line)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	am i my resume\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at the ballet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance ten looks three\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello twelve hello thirteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can do that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope i get it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music & the mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i did for love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (cry baby)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	please mr. jailer (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (damn yankees)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two lost souls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (dreamgirls)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and i'm telling you i'm not going\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cadillac car (white bread)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamgirls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to say goodbye, my love\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  733	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (dreamgirls)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heavy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am changing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night only\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night only (disco version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (evita)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another suitcase, another hall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buenos aires\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry for me argentina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight & thank you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high flying, adored\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd be surprisingly good for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lament\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new argentina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peron's latest flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainbow tour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waltz for evita & che\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you must love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (fame)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot lunch jam (irene cara)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (fantasticks)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	something old, something new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try to remember\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (fiddler on the roof)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	far from the home i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were a rich man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matchmaker, matchmaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sabbath prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunrise sunset\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tradition\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  734	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (fosse)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bye bye blackbird\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (funny girl)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cornet man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't rain on my parade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find yourself a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	his love makes me beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to be seen with you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if a girl isn't pretty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the greatest star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rat-tat-tat-tat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sadie, sadie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the music that makes me dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who are you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who taught her everything she knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are woman, i am man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (gigi)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	thank heaven for little girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (gondoliers)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take a pair of sparkling eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (grease 1)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beauty school drop out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to hand jive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freddy my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grease\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grease medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grease megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	greased lightning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hopelessly devoted to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's raining on prom night\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  735	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (grease 1)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	look at me, i'm sandra dee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at me, i'm sandra dee (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mooning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll is here to stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll party queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer nights (xxx)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there are worse things i could do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those magic changes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we go together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the one that i want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (grease 2)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(love will) turn back the hands of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a girl for all seasons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to school again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	charades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool rider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it for our country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it for our country (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it for our country (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prowlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reproduction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock-a-hula luau (summer is coming)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	score tonight (let's bowl)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll be together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that guy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (guys & dolls)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've never been in love before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luck be a lady\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  736	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (gypsy)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything's coming up roses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (h.m.s. pinafore)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i am the captain of the pinafore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm called little buttercup\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i was a lad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (hair)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aquarius\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy to be hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frank mills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hair\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (hairspray)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good morning baltimore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can hear bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know where i've been\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama i'm a big girl now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the sixties\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (hamlet 2)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock me sexy jesus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (hedwig & the angry inch)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angry inch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hedwig's lament\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the origin of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked little town (hedwig version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wig in a box\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (hello dolly)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello dolly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (high school musical 1)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stick to the status quo\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  737	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (iolanthe)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you go in, you're sure to win\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i went to the bar as a very young man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're lying awake\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (jeckyll & hyde)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bring on the men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good 'n' evil\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (jesus christ superstar)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	damned for all time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	damned for all time-blood money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything's alight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gethsemane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven on their minds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hosanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know how to love him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (joseph & the amazing technicolor dreamcoat)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any dream will do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	benjamin calypso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close every door to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go go joseph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jacob & sons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joseph's coat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more angel in heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	potiphar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prologue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song of the king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those canaan days\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (king & i)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	getting to know you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello young lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have dreamed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i whistle a happy tune\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  738	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (king & i)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	march of the siamese children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my lord & master\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puzzlement\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shall i tell you what i think of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shall we dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we kiss in a shadow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (la cage aux follies)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cocktail counterpoint\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am what i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la cage aux folles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look over there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mascara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	masculinity lesson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song on the sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best of times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are what we are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with anne on my arm\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (legally blonde)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bend and snap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	legally blonde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	omigod you guys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so much better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do you want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (les miserables)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a heart full of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a little fall of rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at the end of the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring him home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	castle on a cloud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come to me (fantine's death)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  739	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (les miserables)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	confrontation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you hear the people singing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drink with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empty chairs at empty tables\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i dreamed a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	javert's suicide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovely ladies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	master of the house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prologue (chain gang)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the abc cafe (red & black)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the thenardier waltz of treachery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what have i done (valjean's soliloquy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who am i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (little shop of horrors)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dentist!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feed me (git it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finale (don't feed the plants)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grow for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little shop of horrors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean green mother from outerspace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meek shall inherit the\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now (it's just the gas) (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prologue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skid row\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  740	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (little shop of horrors)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	some fun now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere that's green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly, seymour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suppertime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (man of la mancha)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little gossip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	barber shop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dulcinea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden helmet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i really like him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i, don quixote\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm only thinking of him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the aldonza\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the impossible dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the knight of the woeful countenance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to each his dulcinea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what does he want of me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (marriage of figaro)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	voi che sapete\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (matilda the musical)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	revolting children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i grow up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (mikado)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a more humane mikado\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a wand'ring minstrel i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as some day it may happen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behold the lord high executioner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a tree by the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sun whose rays are all ablaze\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  741	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (mikado)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	three little maids\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (miss saigon)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bui-doi\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (moulin rouge)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because we can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come what may (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	complainte de la butte\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamond dogs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elephant love medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady marmalade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nature boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day i'll fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sparkling diamonds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (music man)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	seventy-six trombones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til there was you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (my fair lady)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get me to the church on time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could have danced all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the street where you live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with a little bit of luck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (newsies)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carrying the banner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seize the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watch what happens\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (next to normal)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better than before aftershocks\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  742	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (next to normal)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	didn't i see this movie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss the mountains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superboy & the invisible girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (oklahoma!)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh what a beautiful morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oklahoma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people will say we're in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the surrey with the fringe on top\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (otello)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ave maria\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (pajama game)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hernando's hideaway\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (phantom of the opera)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i ask of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel of music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	masquerade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	point of no return\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prima donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the music of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the phantom of the opera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the phantom of the opera (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing you were somehow here again\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  743	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (pippin)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	corner in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extraordinary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i guess i'll miss the man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kind of woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning glow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no time at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple joys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spread a little sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (pirates of penzance)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i am the very model of a modern major general\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh is there not one maiden breast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a felon's not engaged\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when fred'ric was a little lad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (pitch perfect)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bella s finals\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treble's finals\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (porgy & bess)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	summertime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (princess ida)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	minerva, o goddess wise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (producers)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	along came baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	betrayed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	der guten tag hopclop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be a producer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep it gay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prisoners of love\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  744	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (producers)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	springtime for hitler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the king of broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's he got\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you got it, flaunt it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (reefer madness)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little mary sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely pew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo & juliet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the brownie song (bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the brownie song (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stuff\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (rent)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halloween\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i should tell you (duet version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i should tell you (male only version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll cover you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one song glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seasons of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seasons of love (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me or leave me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (repo! the genetic opera)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	genetic emancipation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seventeen\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  745	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (repo! the genetic opera)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	zydrate anatomy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (rock of ages)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	more than words-heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (rocky horror picture show)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dammit janet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eddie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fanfare-don't dream it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot patootie-bless my soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can make you a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can make you a man (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over at the frankenstein place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	planet, schmanet, janet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose tint my world-floor show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	science fiction double feature\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	science fiction double feature (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet transvestite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sword of damocles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the time warp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch-a touch-a touch me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild & untamed thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (rodgers & hammerstein)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i loved you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of my dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this nearly was mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we kiss in the shadows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	younger than springtime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (ruddigore)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	to a garden full of posies\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  746	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (seussical)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a day for the cat in the hat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alone in the universe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amayzing mayzie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	biggest blame fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	egg, nest & tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green eggs & ham\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	havin' a hunch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	horton hears a who\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how lucky you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how to raise a child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's possible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkey around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	notice me, horton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh, the thinks you can think\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one feather tail of miss gertrude mcfuzz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solla sollew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the military\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (showboat)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	old man river\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (shrek)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i know it's today\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (sister act)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my guy (my god)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (sound of music)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	climb every mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do re mi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	edelweiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i have confidence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my favorite things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sixteen going on seventeen (duet)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  747	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (sound of music)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so long, farewell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lonely goatherd\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sound of music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (south pacific)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honey bun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going to wash that man right out of my hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some enchanted evening\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (spamalot)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all for one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always look in the bright side of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brave sir robin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find your grail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fisch schlapping dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	his name is lancelot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am not dead yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm all alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knights of the round table\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the song that goes like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever happened to my part\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you won't succeed on broadway\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (sunset boulevard)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too much in love to care\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (the full monty)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big black man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (the wiz)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	believe in yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ease on down the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  748	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (thoroughly modern millie)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forget about the boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme gimme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i turned the corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jimmy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long as i'm here with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not for the life of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thoroughly modern millie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (urinetown the musical)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	act one finale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cop song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be the bunny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a privilege to pee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mister cladwell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run, freedom, run!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snuff that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell her i love her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	urinetown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're not sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're not sorry (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is urinetown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why did i listen to that man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (victor victoria)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	le jazz hot (julie andrews)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (west side story)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i feel pretty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  749	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	musicals (wicked)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a sentimental man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as you're mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing through life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	defying gravity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i couldn't be happier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no good deed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one mourns the wicked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one short day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	popular\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank goodness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wizard & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is this feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (yankee doodle dandy)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're a grand old flag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musicals (yeomen of the guard)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i have a song to sing, o\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when maiden loves she sits & sighs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	musiq\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forthenight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halfcrazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teach me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoknows\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mutemath\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blood pressure\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	my bloody valentine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	loomer\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  750	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	my chemical romance\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bulletproof heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desolation row\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	famous last words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not okay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	na na na\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenagers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under pressure (with the used)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the black parade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know what they do to guys like us in prison\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	my darkest days\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	porn star dancing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	my life with the thrill kill kult\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hit & run holiday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	my morning jacket\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm amazed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one big holiday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	case of the ex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghetto superstar (with pras)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my first night with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love is like whoa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ridin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me there (with blackstreet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	myers, billie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	few words too many\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss the rain\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  751	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	myers, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy wasn't there (from austin powers) (with ming tea)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the two of us (from austin powers)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	myles, alannah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black velvet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	myles, heather\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me a little bit longer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mylo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dr. pressure (vs. miami sound machine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muscle car\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	myra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	miracles happen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	myriad, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a clean shot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mystery jets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young love (with laura marling)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mystery science theater 3000\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fugitive alien song (he tried to kill me with a forklift)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tubular boobular joy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	mystikal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bouncin' back (bumpin' me against the wall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stutter (with joe)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n II u\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i miss you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n.a.s.a.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gifted (with kanye west & santogold)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gifted (with kanye west, lykke li, santogold)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gifted (with kanye west, santa gold)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spacious thoughts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n.e.r.d.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everyone nose (all the girls standing in line for bathroom)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot-n-fun (male solo)\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  752	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	n.e.r.d.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot-n-fun (with nelly furtado)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hypnotize u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lapdance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n.o.r.e.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n.w.a.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boyz-n-the-hood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck tha police\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck tha police (with intro)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather f-ck you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather f-ck you (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight outta compton\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n2deep\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back to the hotel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nada surf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	popular\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nail, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no doubt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crocodile shoes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nails\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	88 lines about 44 women\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	naim, yael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toxic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	naked & famous, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young blood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	naked eyes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always something there to remind me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises, promises\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  753	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	naked, bif\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love myself today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moment of weakness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spaceman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nalick, anna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathe (2 am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wreck of the day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	napoleon XIV\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i live in a split-level head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marching off to bedlam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they're coming to take me away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nappy roots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	awnaw\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherry wine (with amy winehouse)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hip hop is dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna be alright (with jennifer lopez)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach out (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street dreams\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nash, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold me tight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can see clearly now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there are more questions than answers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nash, kate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doo wah doo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foundations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mouthwash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pumpkin soup\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  754	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nashville teens\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tobacco road\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	natalie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goin' crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nate dogg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	area codes (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody does it better (with warren g)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	regulate (with warren g)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nathanson, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all we are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on get higher\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	national, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bloodbuzz ohio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	england\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	natural selection\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do anything (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	naughton, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	making it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	naughty by nature\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a.b.c.o.p.p. mashup (vs. jackson 5)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	craziest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels good (don't worry 'bout a thing)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels good (don't worry 'bout a thing) (with 3lw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the money (shane mcmahon theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hip hop hooray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o.p.p.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nazareth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad bad boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken down angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hair of the dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love hurts\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  755	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nazareth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this flight tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n'degeocello, me'shell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pocketbook (remix) (with redman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild night (with john cougar mellencamp)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n-dubz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ouch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	necro\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i need drugs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	neger, ernst\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so ein tag so wundersch\uc2\u246\'F6\'00n wie heute\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	neil, vince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're invited (but your friend can't come)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	#1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	air force ones (with st. lunatics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country grammar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dilemma (with kelly rowland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e.i.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flap your wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone (with kelly rowland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grillz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grillz (with paul wall)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot in herre\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move that body (with akon & t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my place (with jaheim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty girl (with notorious b.i.g., puff daddy & jagged edge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nellyville\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over & over\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  756	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	party people (with fergie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pimp juice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride wit me (with city spud)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tilt ya head back (with christina aguilera)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work it (remix) (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nelson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love & affection\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nelson, christine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	marvin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nelson, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shifting the atmosphere\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nelson, jonathan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	finish strong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nelson, ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a teenager's romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a wonder like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be bop baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	believe what you say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fools rush in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	garden party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello mary lou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm walking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's up to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my babe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never be anyone else but you\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  757	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nelson, ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	poor little fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stood up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweeter than you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage idol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travelin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nelson, willie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't it funny (how time slips away)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel flying too close to the ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer for my horses (with toby keith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big booty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bloody mary morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue eyes crying in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue skies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring me sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city of new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboys are frequently secretly (fond of each other)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil in a sleeping bag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything's beautiful (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgia on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good hearted woman (with waylon jennings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	graceland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he was a friend of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	healing hands of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highway man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just to satisfy you (with waylon jennings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in the promiseland\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  758	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nelson, willie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys (with waylon jennings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria (shut up & kiss me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & paul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mendocino county line (with lee ann womack)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight rider (with toby keith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heroes have always been cowboys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing i can do about it now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the road again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the sunny side of the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once you're past the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pancho & lefty (with merle haggard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty paper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven spanish angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven spanish angels (with ray charles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stardust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the party's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there'll be no teardrops tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to all the girls i've loved before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to all the girls i've loved before (with julio iglesias)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncloudy day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wurlitzer prize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wurlitzer prize (with norah jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	99 luftballons (german)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	99 red ballons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fragezeichen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ich bleibn im bett\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	irgendwie irgendwo irgendwann\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  759	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lass mich dein pirat sein\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leuchtturm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manchmal ist ein tag ein ganzes leben\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mondsong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nur getraumt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rette mich\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vollmond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	willst du mit mir gehn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wunder geschehnn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	neon trees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1983\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	animal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody talks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your surrender\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nerf herder\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. spock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to my world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nervo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we're all no one (with afrojack & steve aoki)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nesbitt, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	running bare\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nesby, ann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll do anything for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still wearing your name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nesler, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby ain't rocking me right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	used to the pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nesmith, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	neuman, alfred e.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's a gas\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  760	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	neutral milk hotel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the aeroplane over the sea\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nevil, robbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'est la vie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wot's it to ya\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	neville, aaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my life (with linda ronstadt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	betcha by golly, wow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stop my heart from loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close your eyes (with linda ronstadt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't fall apart on me tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't know much (with linda ronstadt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't take away my heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody plays the fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell it like it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the grand tour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when something is wrong with my baby (with linda ronstadt)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nevins, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's like that (vs. run-dmc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch me like that (vs. dannii minogue)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	backseat (with the cataracs & dev)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're a jerk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new christy minstrels\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chim chim cheree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this land is your land\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new colony six\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will always think about you\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  761	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	new edition\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bit of love (is all it takes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys to men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you stand the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool it now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit me off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot2nite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it isn't love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. telephone man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new found glory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all downhill from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	failure's not flattering\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head on collision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's not your fault\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to your friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my friend's over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart will go on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new kids on the block\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cover girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't i blow your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hangin' tough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's try again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't go girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	single (with ne-yo)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  762	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	new kids on the block\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	step by step\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this one's for the children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got it (the right stuff)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new order\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	age of consent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bizarre love triangle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue monday '95\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everythings gone green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fine time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a lonely place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jetstream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	krafty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect kiss (edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	regret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spooky (stadium mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thieves like us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touched by the hand of god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vanishing point\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world (the price of love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world in motion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new politics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	yeah yeah yeah\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new pornographers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the things that go to make heaven & earth\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  763	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	new pornographers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the electric version\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	use it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new radicals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	someday we'll know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you get what you give\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new riders of purple sage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	panama red\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new seekers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beg, steal or borrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carnival is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd like to teach the world to sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look what they've done to my song, ma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never ending song of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new seekers medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you won't find another fool like me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new vaudeville band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	winchester cathedral\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	new york dolls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	personality crisis\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newbeats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bread & butter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bread & butter (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run baby run (back into my arms)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newcleus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jam on it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newfield, heidi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry cry (till the sun shines)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny & june\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newley, anthony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good old bad old days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once in a lifetime\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  764	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	newley, anthony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	talk to the animals\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of fool am i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newman, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love l.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a jungle out there (theme from monk)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make up your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	short people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time of your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to see you smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newsboys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakfast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father blessed father\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he reigns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not ashamed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the belly of the whale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lord (i don't know)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	million pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rescue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thrive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are my king (amazing love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newsong\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the christmas shoes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newton, juice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel of the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	both to each other (with eddie rabbitt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break it to me gently\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's been a little bit hard on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of hearts\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  765	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	newton, juice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the sweetest thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me want to make you mine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newton, wayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy don't you walk so fast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danke shoen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be with you in apple blossom time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red roses for a blue lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	newton-john, olivia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little more love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	banks of the ohio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change of heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancin' (with the tubes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deeper than the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you never been mellow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart attack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hopelessly devoted to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help it (with andy gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i honestly love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if not for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you love me (let me know)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little more love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at me, i'm sandra dee (reprise)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make a move on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	physical\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please mr. please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sam\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  766	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	newton-john, olivia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly (with cliff richard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer nights (with john travolta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me home country roads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the air that i breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twist of fate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we go together (with john travolta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you wish upon a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	xanadu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the one that i want (with john travolta)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	next\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i still love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too close\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wifey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ne-yo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	champagne life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cracks in mr. perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hate that i love you (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss independent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one in a million\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she got her own (with jamie foxx & fabolous)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so sick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stress reliever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're mad\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  767	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nice & smooth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funky for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes i rhyme slow (stay faithful remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nichols, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another side of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brokenheartsville\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool to be a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't no crime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she only smokes when she drinks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	size matters (someday)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tequila makes her clothes fall off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the impossible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's a guy gotta do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nichols, turner\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she loves to hear me rock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nick straker band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a walk in the park\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickel creek\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	house carpenter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealous of the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reasons why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet afton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lighthouse's tale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you come back down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelback\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animals\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelin' way too damn good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how you remind me\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  768	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nickelback\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if everyone cared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leader of men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next contestant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photograph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	savin' me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	side of a bullet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we stand together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woke up this morning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (as told by ginger)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as told by ginger theme\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (blue's clues)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue's clues theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buddy boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	colors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	healthy snacks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oranges grow on trees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	planet song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so long song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (catdog)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cat diggity dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catdog theme\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (dora the explorer)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back pack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bouncy ball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dora the explorer theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grumpy old troll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love my boots\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  769	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nickelodeon (dora the explorer)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	map song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travel song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we did it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (fairly odd parents)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fairly odd parents theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	icky vicky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (oswald)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	penguin polka\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (ren & stimpy)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy happy joy joy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's log!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (rocket power)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rocket power theme\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (rugrats)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	someplace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is our place\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (spongebob square pants)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all you need is friends to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do the sponge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f.u.n. song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's flying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish i could fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ripped pants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spongebob theme\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nickelodeon (wild thornberry's)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rain rap\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nicks, stevie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the glitter fades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty & the beast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bella donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue denim\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  770	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nicks, stevie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreams (deep dish dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	edge of seventeen (just like the white winged dove)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall from grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	has anyone ever written anything for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how still my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if anyone falls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever did believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kind of woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	landslide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leather & lace (with don henley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe love will change your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needles & pins (with tom petty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outside the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	planets of the universe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	room's on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorceror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop draggin' my heart around (with tom petty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too far from texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble in shangri-la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever i call you friend (with kenny loggins)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nicole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make it hot (with missy elliott & mocha)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nicole, erica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tell me what you think about us\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  771	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	night ranger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't tell me you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sister christian\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you close your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can still rock in america\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nightcrawlers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's push it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push the feeling on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surrender your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nightcrawlers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the little black egg\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nightingale, maxine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lead me on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right back where we started from\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nightwish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amaranth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nemo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the hills & far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phantom of the opera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleeping sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish i had an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishmaster\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nikki\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	notice me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nilsson, harry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best friend (courtship of eddie's father theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coconut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't forget me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody's talkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  772	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nilsson, harry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jump into the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my arrow (midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mucho mungo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nine black alps\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	unsatisfied\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nine days\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	absolutely (story of a girl)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nine inch nails\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	capital g\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead souls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	discipline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	echoplex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eraser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every day is exactly the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head like a hole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heresy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do not want this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	march of the pigs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. self destruct\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  773	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nine inch nails\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	piggy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reptile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sanctified\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something i can never have\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	survivalism\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	terrible lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the becoming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the collector\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day the world went away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hand that feeds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the perfect drug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nirvana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	about a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	about a girl (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	about a girl (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all apologies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	aneurysm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come as you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come as you are (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drain you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dumb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless, nameless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart-shaped box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in bloom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus doesn't want me for a sunbeam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lake of fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lithium\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  774	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nirvana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lounge act\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	negative creep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a plain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pennyroyal tea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rape me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sappy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	school\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sliver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smells like teen spirit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something in the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	son of a gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	territorial pissings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man who sold the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	verse-chorus-verse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	very ape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where did you sleep last night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know you're right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nitty gritty dirt band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby's got a hold on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bang bang bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance little jean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fishin' in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high horse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been lookin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long hard road (the sharecroppers dream)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. bojangles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll the stone away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lowlands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will the circle be unbroken\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  775	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nitzer ebb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	murderous\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nivea\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't mess with my man (with brian & brandon casey)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nixon, mojo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	debbie gibson is pregnant (with my two-headed love child)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don henley must die\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nixons, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sister\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nizlopi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	no angels\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	still in love with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	no doubt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bathwater\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	detective\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	different people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't speak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't speak (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end it on this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	excuse me mr.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ex-girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hella good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey baby (with bounty killer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	making out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	platinum blonde life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push & shove (with busy signal & major lazer)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  776	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	no doubt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock steady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	settle down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple kind of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spiderwebs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the climb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tragic kingdom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underneath it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underneath it all (with lady saw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world go 'round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can do it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	no mercy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do you go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	no secrets\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kids in america\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	noah & the whale\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	five years time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it all back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.i.f.e.g.o.e.s.o.n.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for my chance to come\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	noble savages\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can we talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indo regg'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	noel gallagher's high flying birds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aka... what a life!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had a gun...\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  777	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	noel gallagher's high flying birds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the death of you and me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nofx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bob\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't call me white\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am an alcoholic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kill all the white man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	linoleum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul doubt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stickin in my eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we threw gasoline on the fire & now we have stumps for arms & no eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	noisettes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't upset the rhythm (go baby go)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ever fallen in love (with someone you shouldn't've)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every now & then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never forget you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that girl (for solo female)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild young hearts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nolan, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like dreamin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nolans, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm in the mood for dancing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	noonan, paddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mcnamara's band\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nordeman, nichole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brave\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	normal, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	t.v.o.d.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warm leatherette\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	norman, jane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dream a little dream\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  778	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	norwood, daron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cowboys don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my girl friday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	notorious b.i.g.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big poppa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme the loot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hypnotize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm f-ckin' you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm f-ckin' you tonight (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm loving you tonight (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	juicy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	juicy (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mo' money mo' problems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty girl (with puff daddy, nelly & jagged edge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more chance stay with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party & bullsh-t\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party & bullsh-t in the usa (miley cyrus mashup) (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party & bullsh-t in the usa (miley cyrus mashup) (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' (with 2pac)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	notorious cherry bombs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's hard to kiss the lips at night that chew\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nova, heather\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	london rain (nothing heals me like you do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk this world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	novas, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the crusher\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nsync\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(god must have spent) a little more time on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring it all to me (with blaque)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye bye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy for you\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  779	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nsync\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything i own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the girl who has everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	giddy up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here we go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i drive myself crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just want to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's gonna be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry christmas, happy holidays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music of my heart (with gloria estefan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no strings attached\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tearin' up my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that girl will never be mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this i promise you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't have to be alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nth degree\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	morningwood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	n-trance\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	staying alive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nu flavor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet sexy thing\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  780	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	nu shooz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can't wait\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nugent, ted\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cat scratch fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fred bear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free for all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just what the doctor ordered\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranglehold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wango tango\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	numan, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in the park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our friends electric\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are glass\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	nutini, paolo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	autumn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	growing up beside you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last request\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new shoes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o.a.r.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shattered (turn the car around)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o.m.d.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pandora's box\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	oak ridge boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american made\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bobbie sue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elvira\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it takes a little rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god for kids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this crazy love\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  781	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	oak ridge boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tryin' to love two women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	y'all come back saloon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	oakenfold, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	faster kill pussycat (with brittany murphy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starry eyed surprise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	oasis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	aquiesce\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be here now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cast no shadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	champagne supernova\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cigarettes & alcohol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't look back in anger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	d'you know what i mean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-cking in the bushes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go let it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half the world away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hindu times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the walrus (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope i think i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm outta time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's getting better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let there be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little by little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lyla\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic pie\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  782	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	oasis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	morning glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' chair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll with it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round are way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round are way (live from the white room)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's electric\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shock of the lightning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slide away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some might say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop crying your heart out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday morning call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supersonic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the importance of being idle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the masterplan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the shock of the lightning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who feels love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderwall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	obel, agnes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	riverside\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ocean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	put your hand in the hand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ocean colour scene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	riverboat song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day we caught the train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got it bad\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  783	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ocean, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caribbean queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get out of my dreams (& into my car)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.o.d. (love on delivery)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love really hurts without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love zone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loverboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red light spells danger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the colour of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there'll be sad songs (to make you cry)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the going gets tough, the tough get going\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ocean, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	novacane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pyramids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super rich kids (with earl sweatshirt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinkin bout you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'connor, hazel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eighth day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'connor, sinead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothing compares 2 u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sacrifice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	octopus project, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wet gold (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wet gold (female solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whitby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'day, alan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	undercover angel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'day, anita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bewitched\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  784	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	o'day, anita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take the a train\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'donis, colby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what you got (with akon)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'donnell, daniel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	footsteps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forty shades of green\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'donnell, erin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no place so far\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	odyssey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	going back to my roots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	native new yorker\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	of monsters & men\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	king & lionheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king and lionheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little talks (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mountain sound\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	of montreal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	an eluardian instance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heimdalsgate like a promethean curse\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	offishall, kardinal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dangerous\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	offspring, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lot like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad habit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get my head around you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come out & play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days go by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	defy you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta get away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit that\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  785	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	offspring, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	million miles away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	original prankster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty fly (for a white guy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty fly for a white guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	self esteem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got issues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the kids aren't alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't you get a job\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'hara, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	50,000 names\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ohio express, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chewy chewy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yummy yummy yummy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ohio players, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funky worm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love rollercoaster (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	oingo boingo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dead man's party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead man's party (boingo alive vers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flesh 'n' blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grey matter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grey matter (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty habits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one lives forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no spill blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not my slave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the outside\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  786	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	oingo boingo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	only a lad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	private life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weird science\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'jays, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back stabbers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the love of money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever mine (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love music pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' for the weekend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your hands together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing a happy song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the love train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	used to be my girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ok go\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get over it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here it goes again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'keefe, danny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good time charlie's got the blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ol' dirty bastard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brookyn zoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got your money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shimmy shimmy ya\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	old 97s\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	timebomb\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	old aid\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we are the old\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	old crow medicine show\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wagon wheel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	old dogs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't do it no more\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  787	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	oldfield, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moonlight show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pictures in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadow on the wall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	oleander\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	why i'm here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	olive\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're not alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	oliver\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good morning starshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	olivia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bizounce\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	olstead, renee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	is you is, or is you ain't by baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	olympics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	western movies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	omar, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's nothing like this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	omarion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cut off time (with kat deluna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	entourage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ice box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night (kinkos)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's talk (with rick ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speedin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	omc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how bizarre\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  788	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	omd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	electricity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enola gay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enola gay '98\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever live & die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you leave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	locomotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maid of orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pandora's box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailing on the seven seas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talking loud & clear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tesla girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking the milky way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	one block radius\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you got me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	one direction\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stole my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me a lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what makes you beautiful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'neal, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	frantic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god don't make mistakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not gonna do anything without you (with mark wills)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not so distant day (with michael mcdonald)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's hero\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  789	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	o'neal, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	there is no arizona\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trying to find atlantis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i think about angels\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'neal, shaquille\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	biological didn't bother\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'neil, alexander\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	criticize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you were here tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	onerepublic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the right moves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	apologize (timbaland remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marchin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say (all i need)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secrets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop & stare\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	onyx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	slam\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	operation ivy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	knowledge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yelling in my ear\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	opium\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moonspell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	opus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	live if life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ora, rita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how we do party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party and bullsh-t\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	r.i.p. (with tinie tempah)\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  790	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	orange juice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rip it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	orbison, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a love so beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	actress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue bayou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to be loved by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	borne on the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakin' up is breakin' my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	claudette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comedians\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	communication breakdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crawling back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crowd\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying (with k.d. lang)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream you (all i can do is)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evergreen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gigolette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go, go, go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes that song again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house without windows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i drove all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm hurtin'\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  791	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	orbison, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean woman blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh, pretty woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooby dooby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	penny arcade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty paper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roy orbison medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roy orbison medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running scared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scarlett ribbons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a mystery to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunset\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dream baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the crowd\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there'll be no teardrops tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today's teardrops\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too soon to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uptown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	windsurfer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working for the man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ordinary boys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nine 2 five\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  792	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	orgy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fiction (dreams in digital)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	opticon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stitches\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	originals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby, i'm for real\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	orlando, tony & dawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bless you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candida\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock three times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tie a yellow ribbon 'round the old oak tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are you doing sunday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	orleans\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	orrico, stacie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(there's gotta be) more to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't look at me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i promise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	orson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bright ideas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no tomorrow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	orton, beth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stolen car\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osborne brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll be alright tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cuckoo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osborne, jeffrey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on the wings of love\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  793	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	osborne, jeffrey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	place where you belong (with sheena easton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay with me tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the morning after i made love to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osborne, joan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right hand man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	st. teresa\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osbourne, joan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one of us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osbourne, kelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	changes (with ozzy osbourne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa don't preach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osbourne, ozzy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bark at the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	changes (with kelly osbourne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close my eyes forever (with lita ford)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diary of a madman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flying high again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gets me through\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye to romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama, i'm coming home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. crowley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	n.i.b.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paranoid\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  794	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	osbourne, ozzy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	perry mason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shot in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suicide solution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time after time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	oslin, k.t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	80's ladies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come next monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't expect it to go down this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drivin' cryin' missin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey bobby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll always come back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live close by, visit often\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary & willie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new way home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osment, emily\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the boys want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osmond, donny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	donny osmond medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm leaving it (all) up to you (with marie osmond)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puppy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet & innocent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the twelfth of never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when children rule the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osmond, little jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm goin' to knock on your door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long haired lover from liverpool\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  795	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	osmond, marie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm leaving it (all) up to you (with donny osmond)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me in montana (with dan seals)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	read my lips\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	osmonds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down by the lazy river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goin' home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me for a reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the proud one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o'sullivan, gilbert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone again (naturally)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing rhymed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o-town\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all or nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we fit together\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	otto, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	days of our lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just got started lovin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ball\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	our lady peace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clumsy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	innocent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is anybody home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  796	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	our lady peace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somewhere out there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superman's dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wonderful future\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ours\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	places\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	outfield, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say it isn't so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since you've been gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	outhere brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boom boom boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la la la hey hey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	outkast\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	atliens\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bob (bombs over baghdad) (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elevators (me and you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghetto musick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey ya (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cant wait (with sleepy brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of a million drums\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mighty o\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ms. jackson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prototype\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosa parks\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  797	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	outkast\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roses (with rap)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she lives in my lap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so fresh, so clean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southernplayalisticadillacmuzik\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you move (with sleepy brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the whole world (with killer mike)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what da hook gon' be (with murphy lee)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	outlaws, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(ghost) riders in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes another love song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	outsiders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	time won't let me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	overlanders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	michelle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	overstreet, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ball & chain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy's come around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even when it don't feel like it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seein' my father in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sowin' love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we've got to keep on meeting like this\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	overstreet, tommy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ann (don't go running)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never break these chains\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	overtones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodnight sweetheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say what i feel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	owen, jake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone with you\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  798	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	owen, jake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barefoot blue jean night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't think i can't love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something about a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yee haw\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	owen, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	child\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	owen, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	braid my hair\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	owens, buck\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	act naturally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big in vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	excuse me i think i've got a heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's gonna live here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	made in japan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart skips a beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pfft! you were gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin' in my sweet baby's arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sam's place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa looked a lot like daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under your spell again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	owl city\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alligator sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deer in the headlights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fireflies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good time (with carly rae jepsen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello seattle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vanilla twilight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when can i see you again\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  799	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	oxo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whirly girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ozark mountain daredevils\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you wanna get to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackie blue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	o-zone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dragostea din tei\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	p.o.d.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america (with santana)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock the party (off the hook)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satellite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinking about forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	youth of the nation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pablo cruise\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love will find a way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatcha gonna do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pablo, petey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freek-a-leek\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raise up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pace, thom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	maybe (grizzly adams theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	page, martin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the house of stone & light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keeper of the flame\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	page, patti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(how much is that) doggie in the window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	allegheny moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i went to your wedding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me go, lover\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  800	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	page, patti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mockin' bird hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old cape cod\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so rare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steam heat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee waltz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paige, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sober\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pailhead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will refuse\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paisley, brad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nothin' like\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alcohol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best thing i had goin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebrity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flowers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to be a husband, hard to be a wife (with chely wright)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he didn't have to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish you'd stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna miss her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still a guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letter to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little moments\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me neither\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mud on the tires\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too country (with bill anderson, george jones & buck owens)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two people fell in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we danced\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  801	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	paisley, brad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i get where i'm going (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey lullaby (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who needs pictures\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrapped around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	palmer, amanda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	map of tasmania  (feat. the young punx)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	palmer, holly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just so you know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	palmer, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addicted to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad case of loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deadline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every kind of people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i didn't mean to turn you on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be your baby tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny & mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get it on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for clues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercy mercy me (i want you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she makes my day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simply irresistible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sneakin' sally through the alley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some like it hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paltrow, gwyneth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country strong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cruisin' (with huey lewis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget you (glee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just my imagination (with babyface)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake that thing\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  802	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	panettiere, hayden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telescope\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	panic! at the disco\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	but it's better if you do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i write sins not tragedies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lying is the most fun a girl can have...\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nine in the afternoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only difference between martyrdom & suicide...\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a handsome woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that green gentleman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ballad of mona lisa\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pansy division\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	average men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking the law\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bunnies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smells like queer spirit\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pantera\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	becoming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cemetery gates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboys from hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no good (attack the radical)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strength beyond strength\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	papa roach\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	between angels & insects\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getting away with murder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last resort\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  803	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	papa roach\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she loves me not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paper lace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	billy don't be a hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night chicago died\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paper tongues\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ride to california\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paperboy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ditty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parachute\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kiss me slowly (with lady antebellum)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paradis, vanessa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love paris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joe le taxi\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paramore\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born for this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brick by boring brick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	careful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	conspiracy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crush crush crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	decode\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	decoy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emergency\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feeling sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fences\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for a pessimist, i'm pretty optimistic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	franklin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  804	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	paramore\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i caught myself (from twilight)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ignorance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the flames begin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misery business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misguided ghosts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	playing god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pressure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	renegade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop this song (lovesick melody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what you get\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only exception\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn it off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	use somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it rains (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the lines overlap\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paris sisters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love how you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paris, sarina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	look at us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paris, twila\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a heart that knows you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we will glorify\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	park, alex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	looking for water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe that's what it takes\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  805	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	parker jr, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ghostbusters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack & jill (with raydio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't change that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't change that (solo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parker, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barefootin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parliament\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flashlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flashlight pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flashlight pt.2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give up the funk (tear the roof off the sucker)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parlotones\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shake it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parnell, lee roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bit of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	givin' water to a drowning man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart's desire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if the house is rockin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm holding my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she won't be lonely long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take these chains from my heart (with brooks & dunn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of fool do you think i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a woman loves a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't get there from here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black or white (in the style of michael jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't touch this (in the style of mc hammer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me closer, tony danza (in the style of elton john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotta feeling (in the style of black eyed peas)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  806	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	parody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	imposter (in the style of snow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my songs are mindless (in the style of crystal waters)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promise of a thin me (in the style of paula abdul)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star trek rhapsody (in the style of queen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white white baby (in the style of vanilla ice)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wizard on a whale (in the style of pearl jam)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parr, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	naughty naughty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	st. elmo's fire (man in motion)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	partman parthorse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	magik\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	police\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	partners in kryme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	t-u-r-t-l-e power\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	parton, dolly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	9 to 5\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	applejack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	backwoods barbie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bargain store\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better get to livin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but you know i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coat of many colors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cross my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dagger through the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't call it love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eagle when she flies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything's beautiful (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	few old memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full circle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard candy christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreaker\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  807	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	parton, dolly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here you come again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i really got the feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will always love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will always love you (with vince gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	islands in the stream (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all wrong but it's all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jolene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joshua\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just someone i used to know (with porter wagoner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost forever in your kiss (with porter wagoner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is like a butterfly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is strange (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama say a prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & little andy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my blue ridge mountain boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old flames can't hold a candle to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't stop loving me (with porter wagoner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pms blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' years (with ricky van shelton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven bridges road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver & gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver dagger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver threads & golden needles (with loretta lynn & tammy wynette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stairway to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starting over again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day i fall in love (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  808	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	parton, dolly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the last thing on my mind (with porter wagoner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think about love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tie our love (in a double knot)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two doors down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	viva las vegas (with the grascals)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i get where i'm going (with brad paisley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why'd you come in here lookin' like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with bells on (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the only one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	partridge family, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breaking up is hard to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on get happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doesn't somebody want to be wanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i woke up in love this morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll meet you halfway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's one of those nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking through the eyes of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	party, alex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't give me your life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pasadenas, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm doing fine now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tribute (right on)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paslay, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never really wanted\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	passion pit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carried away\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  809	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	passion pit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little secrets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleepyhead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the reeling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	patterson, rahsaan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	6 am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy (baby)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	patti, sandi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another time, another place (with wayne watson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	patton, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the ballad of hank mccain (with ennio morricone & john zorn)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paul & paula\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey paula\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paul revere & the raiders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hungry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indian reservation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kicks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paul, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	me & mrs. jones\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paul, sean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get busy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it up to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got 2 luv u (with alexis jordan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like glue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she doesn't mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temperature\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we be burnin'\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  810	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pausini, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if that's love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pavarotti, luciano\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nessun dorma\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pavement\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cut your hair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flux=rad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	range life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shady lane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stereo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strings of nashville\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paxton, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	englebert the elephant\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	paycheck, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a-11\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friend, lover, wife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the only hell (mama ever raised)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. lovemaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slide off of your satin sheets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to give my love to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something about you i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song & dance man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take this job & shove it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	payne, freda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	band of gold\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	payne, leon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love you because\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peaches\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	f-ck the pain away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kick it (with iggy pop)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake yr dix\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  811	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	peaches & herb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	reunited\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your groove thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pearl jam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	animal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bugs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daughter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dissident\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elderly woman behind the counter...\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even flow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	given to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glorified g\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hail hail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got id\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jeremy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing as it seems\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rearviewmirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	release\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  812	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pearl jam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spin the black circle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of love & trust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fixer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tremor christ\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishlist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow ledbetter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pebbles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	giving you the benefit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love makes things happen (with babyface)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercedes boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peck, danielle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peevey, gayla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want a hippopotamus for christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	penate, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	second, minute or hour\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pendergrass, teddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold me (with whitney houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love t.k.o.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn off the lights\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pendulum\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	propane nightmares\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	penguins, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	earth angel (will you be mine)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peniston, cece\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	finally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in the mood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	movin' on\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  813	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	penn, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no myth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pennywise\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bro hymm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down under\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pepper\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give it up (the dirty hot sex song)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	perfect stranger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm a stranger here myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember the ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you have the right to remain silent\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	perkins, carl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue suede shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dixie fried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matchbox\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	perri, christina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a thousand years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bang bang bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bluebird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	distance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jar of hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tragedy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	perry, katy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california gurls (with snoop dog)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circle the drain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e.t.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e.t. (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firework\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  814	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	perry, katy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	firework (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot & cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hummingbird heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i kissed a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we ever meet again (with timbaland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you can afford me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last friday night (tgif)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mannequin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not like the movies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of the boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peacock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pearl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starstrukk (with 3oh!3)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one that got away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one that got away (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinking of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ur so gay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waking up in vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wide awake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your so gay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	perry, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	foolish heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh sherrie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're in love for the first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you better wait\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pesci, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take your love & shove it\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  815	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pet shop boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a different point of view\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a red letter day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	being boring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can you forgive her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did you see me coming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dj culture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	domino dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flamboyant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go west\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hit & miss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know what you want...\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want a lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm with stupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealousy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of rome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	left to my own devices\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liberation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love comes quickly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love etc.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	minimal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york city boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	numb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one & one makes five\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one in a million\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  816	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pet shop boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one more chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	opportunities (let's make lots of money)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	se a vida e (that's the way life is)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suburbia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to face the truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	was it worth it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	west end girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what have i done to deserve this (with dusty springfield)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the streets have no name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young offender\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peter & gordon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a world without love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i go to pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady godiva\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	world without love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peter, bjorn & john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young folks (with victoria bergman)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peter, paul & mary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blowin' in the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't think twice, it's all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five hundred miles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i dig rock & roll music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had a hammer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leavin' on a jet plane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lemon tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puff the magic dragon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stewball\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  817	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	peters & lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	welcome home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peters, gretchen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i ain't ever satisfied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you are old\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peters, red\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ballad of a dog named stains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blow me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holy sh-t it's christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how's your whole family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't say these things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little peter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket in my pants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spelling song, the\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i jerk off (i think of you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you ain't gettin sh-t for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you promised the moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peterson, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	by the book\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drink, swear, steal & lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from here to eternity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somethin' 'bout a sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sure feels real good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too good to be true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the bartender cries\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peterson, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	corrina corrina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell laura i love her\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	petra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beyond belief\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just reach out\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  818	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	petra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lord, i lift your name on high\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	petrone, shana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heaven bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	petty, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free fallin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't back down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll feel a whole lot better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's good to be king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to her heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needles & pins (with stevie nicks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' down a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop draggin' my heart around (with stevie nicks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yer so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know how it feels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wreck me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	petty, tom & the heartbreakers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	climb that hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't come around here no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't do me like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even the losers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into the great wide open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jammin' me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	learning to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary jane's last dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	need to know\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  819	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	petty, tom & the heartbreakers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	refugee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saving grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got lucky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	peyroux, madeleine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance me to the end of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don' t wait too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	j'ai deux amours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kind you can't afford\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pfeiffer, michelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my funny valentine (from the fabulous baker boys)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phair, liz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	count on my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extraordinary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck & run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polyester bride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supernova\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why can't i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phantogram\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	running from the cops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phantom planet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pharcyde, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	officer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	otha fish (radio edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passin' me by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin'\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  820	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pharrell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful (with snoop dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i have it like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	despicable me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frontin' (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	number one (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass the courvoisier pt.2 (with busta rhymes & puff daddy)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phats & small\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turn around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i won't let you down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phillips, craig & dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come, now is the time to worship\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phillips, phil & the twilights\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sea of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phillips, phillip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phineas & ferb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	perry the platypus theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perry the teenage girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phineas & ferb\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavy things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sample in a jar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the connection\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phixx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	strange love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phoenix\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1901\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	armistice\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  821	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	phoenix\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	countdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	entertainment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything is everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fences\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lasso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lisztomania\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rome\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phoenix, joaquin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jackson (from walk the line) (with reese witherspoon)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phonte & median\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eternally\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	phyllisia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sunshine (with ne-yo & flo rida)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	piaf, edith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a quoi \uc2\u231\'E7\'00a sert l'amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bal dans ma rue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'est lui que mon coeur a choisi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la foule\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la goualante du pauvre jean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la vie en rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la vie en rose (english)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'accordeoniste\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les amants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les amants d'un jour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les flonflons du bal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	les mots d'amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'homme a la moto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l'hymne a l'amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	milord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mon dieu\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  822	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	piaf, edith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mon homme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mon legionnaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mon manege a moi (tu me fais tourner la tete)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	non, je ne regrette rien\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	padam padam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plus bleu que tes yeux\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pickett, bobby ''boris''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the monster mash\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pickett, wilson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	634-5789 (soulsville, usa)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't knock my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let the green grass fool you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody needs somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire & water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funky broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey jude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the midnight hour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of 1000 dances\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mustang sally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stagger lee\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pickettywitch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that same old feeling\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pickler, kellie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wonder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makin' me fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red high heels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocks instead of rice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things that never cross a man's mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pied pipers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mairzy doats\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  823	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pierce, webb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the jailhouse now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pigeon detectives, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i found out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take her back\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pigg, landon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling in love at a coffee shop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pilot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	january\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pink\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	18 wheeler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bridge of light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystal ball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear diary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear mr. president\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let me get me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eventually\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family portrait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ckin' perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel good time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funhouse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get the party started\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glitter in the air\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god is a dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone to california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't believe you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got money now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like a pill\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  824	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pink\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	last to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misery (with steven tyler)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missundaztood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	most girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my vietnam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	numb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one foot wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't leave me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raise your glass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raise your glass (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	respect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so what\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sober\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u + ur hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who knew (bimbo jones remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me sick\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pink floyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another brick in the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	arnold layne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bike\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brain damage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brain damage-eclipse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brick in the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comfortably numb\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  825	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pink floyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coming back to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	corporal clegg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dogs (edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dogs of war\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't leave me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eclipse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye blue sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happiest days of our lives-another brick in the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a cigar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high hopes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the flesh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep talking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	learning to fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matilda mother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not now john\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the turning away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proper education (vs. eric prydz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run like hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see emily play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sheep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine on you crazy diamond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the final cut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fletcher memorial home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the great gig in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the thin ice\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  826	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pink floyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the trial\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	us & them\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do you want from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the tigers broke free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish you were here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young lust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young lust (live)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pink grease\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the pink g.r.ease\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pink martini\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amado mio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brazil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	donde estas, yolanda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on little tomato\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey eugene!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la soledad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's never stop falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lilly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	que sera sera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	una notte a napoli\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pink spiders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little razorblade\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pinkard & bowden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	folk music (libyan on a jet plane)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama she's lazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she thinks i steal cars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pinkees, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	danger games\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  827	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pinkerton's assorted colours\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mirror mirror\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pinky & the brain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brain acres\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brain's way (brainatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just say narf\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pinmonkey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barbed wire & roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i drove all night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pinson, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't ask me how i know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pioneers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give & take\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let your yeah be yeah\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	piper, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	galway bay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pirahnas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tom hark\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pistol annies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boys from the south\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell on heels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell on wheels (trio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	housewife's prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run daddy run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pitbull\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it started (with shakira)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me everything (tonight) (with ne-yo, afrojack & nayer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go girl (with trina & young boss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey baby (drop it to the floor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	international love (chris brown)\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  828	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pitbull\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	krazy (with lil' jon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lengua afuera\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the floor (with jennifer lopez)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake senora (with t-pain & sean paul)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut it down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pitney, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	backstage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every breath i take\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half heaven, half heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i must be seeing things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to love my life away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i didn't have a dime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna be strong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it hurts to be in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking through the eyes of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	louisiana mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria elena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody needs your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only love can break a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	princess in rags\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's gotten hold of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man who shot liberty valance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tower tall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	town without pity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty four hours from tulsa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty four sycamore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pixies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crackity jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	debaser\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  829	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pixies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gigantic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gouge away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i bleed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la la love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letter to memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkey gone to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr grieves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no. 13 baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sad punk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wave of mutilation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is my mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pj & duncan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's get ready to rumble\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	placebo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because i want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bruise pristine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	commercial for levi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every you every me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flesh mechanic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow the cops back home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the cold light of morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	infra-red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julien\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little mo\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  830	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	placebo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	meds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nancy boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of a kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pierrot the clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	post blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	protect me from what I want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prot\uc2\u232\'E8\'00ge moi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pure morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' up that hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slave to the wage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song to say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	special k\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bitter end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the never-ending why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trigger happy hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you i'm nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't care about us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	plain white t's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1 2 3 4\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hate (i really don't like you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey there delilah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our time now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	plan b\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ill manors (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she said\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	planet funk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	these boots are made for walkin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	plant, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	29 palms\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  831	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	plant, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big log\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darkness, darkness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone gone one (done moved on) (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the mood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killing the blues (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please read the letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please read the letter (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tall cool one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through the morning, through the night (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	platters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(you've got) the magic touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alone in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doesn't it ring a bell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebb tide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enchanted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harbor lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven on earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you 1000 times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i didn't care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had a love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sorry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's raining outside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my word of honor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one in a million\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you (and you alone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red sails in the sunset\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  832	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	platters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	remember when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sixteen tons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleepy lagoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoke gets in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet, sweet, lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the great pretender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the magic touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to each his own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twilight time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	washed ashore (on a lovely island in the sea)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with this ring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never never know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	playaz circle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	duffle bag boy (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	player\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby come back\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	playmates, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beep beep\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	plies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hypnotized (with akon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please excuse my hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shawty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	plimsouls, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a million miles away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	plumb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hang on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my arms\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	plus one\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	camouflage\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  833	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pm dawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i had no right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd die without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking through patient eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set adrift on memory bliss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i think about love (with elton john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	poco\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kind woman (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose of cimarron\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'd better think twice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	poe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angry johnny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not a virgin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trigger happy jack (drive by a go-go)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pogues, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bugger off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark streets of london\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty old town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fairytale of new york (with kirsty maccoll)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fiesta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll tell me ma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you 'till the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy night in soho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sally maclennane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the auld triangle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the irish rover (with the dubliners)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waltzing matilda\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  834	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	poindexter, buster\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot hot hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	point of grace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my god\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pointer sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	automatic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dare me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's so shy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so excited\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump (for my love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neutron dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa claus is comin' to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slowhand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yes we can can\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	poison\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every rose has it's thorn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallen angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want action\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't forget you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look what the cat dragged in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin' but a good time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something to believe in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk dirty to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unskinny bop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your mama don't dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pok\uc2\u233\'E9\'00mon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pok\uc2\u233\'E9\'00rap\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pol, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pittsburgh steeler polka 1978\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  835	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	polecats, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make a circuit with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	police, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't stand losing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	de do do do, de da da da\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stand so close to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every breath you take\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every little thing she does is magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i ever lose my faith in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invisible sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	message in a bottle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roxanne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roxanne '97\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spirits in the material world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	synchronicity II\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty five to midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking on the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrapped around your finger\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pony pony run run\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pop evil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monster you made\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pop will eat itself\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can u dig it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ich bin ein auslander\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pop, iggy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	candy (with kate pierson)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  836	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pop, iggy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lust for life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightclubbing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	passenger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real wild child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well did you evah (with debby harry)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	popcaan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	only man she want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	porno for pyros\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pets\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	porter, cole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be a clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begin the beguine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begin the beguine, ver.2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's de-lovely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got you under my skin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's do it, ver.2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's misbehave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night & day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you do something to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the top, ver.2\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	portishead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	humming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  837	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	portishead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	roads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sour times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	undenied\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	portnoy, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	theme from cheers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	portrait\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	day by day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how deep is your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	posies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dream all day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	positive k\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i got a man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	posner, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bow chicka wow wow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cooler than me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looks like sex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket man (with bun b)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	postal service, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be still my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing better (with jenny lewis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	such great heights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the district sleeps alone tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we will become silhouettes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	potter, grace & the nocturnals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want something that i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paris (ooh la la)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	potts, m.c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put me out of my misery\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  838	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	powell, jesse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	power station\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get it on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some like it hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	powter, daniel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free loop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pozo-seco singers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can make it with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pras\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ghetto superstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghetto superstar (with mya)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prata, lucas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and she said\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prefab sprout\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the king of rock 'n' roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love breaks down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prelude\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the goldrush\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	preluders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walking on sunshine (doo wop version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	presets, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this boy's in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	presidents of the usa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dune buggy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kitty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lump (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peaches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	video killed the radio star\par
\pard\sb307\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  839	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(let's have a) party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(marie's the name) his latest flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(you're so square) baby i don't care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a big hunk o' love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a big hunk o' love (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a fool such as i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a little bit of green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a little less conversation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a little less conversation (jxl remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a mess of blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't that lovin' you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all shook up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all shook up (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amazing grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america the beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american trilogy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and i love you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and the grass won't pay no mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any day now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any place in paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any way you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anything that's part of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you lonesome tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you sincere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as i have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ask me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby if you'll give me all of your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby let's play house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby what you want me to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beach boy blues\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  840	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beyond the reef\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big boots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big boss man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bitter they are, harder they fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue hawaii\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue hawaii medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon of kentucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue suede shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blueberry hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blueberry hill-i can't stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bosom of abraham\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bossa nova baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bridge over troubled water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	britches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning love (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c.c. rider (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help falling in love medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cindy cindy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clambake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clean up your own backyard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'mon everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crawfish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cross my heart, hope to die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crying in the chapel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil in disguise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didja ever\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  841	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dixieland rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do the clam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' the best i can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't ask me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be cruel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't leave me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in the valley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	early morning rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	edge of reality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elvis end theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elvis end theme (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elvis megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fame & fortune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flaming star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow that dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fools rush in (where angels fear to tread)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the millionth & the last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frankfurt special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frankie & johnny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from a jack to a king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fun in acapulco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funny how time slips away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	g.i. blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gently\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl of my best friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me the right\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  842	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	going home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good luck charm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good luck charm medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good rockin' tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got a lot o' livin' to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got my mojo working\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guitar man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handy man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harbor lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard headed woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have i told you lately that i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hawaiian wedding song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he touched me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak hotel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak hotel (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak hotel-hound dog-all shook up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he'll have to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes santa claus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	his hand in mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	his latest flame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holly leaves & christmas trees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home is where the heart is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hound dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house that has everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you think i feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how great thou art\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how the web was woven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how would you like to be\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  843	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i beg of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in the man in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't care if the sun don't shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i forgot to remember to forget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a woman-amen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got stung\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotta know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just can't help believin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love only one girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i met her today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need your love tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i really don't want to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think i'm gonna like it here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you, i need you, i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was born about ten thousand years ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i washed my hands in muddy water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if every day was like christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i can dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i can get home on christmas day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if that isn't love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you love me (let me know)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you talk in your sleep\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  844	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll be back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll hold you in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never stand in your way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll remember you (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm coming home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna walk dem golden stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm left, you're right, she's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so lonesome i could cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my father's house are many mansions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the ghetto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indescribably blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it feels so right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it hurts me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it is no secret (what god can do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it keeps right on hurtin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it won't seem like christmas without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's impossible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's now or never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's now or never medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a thing about you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got confidence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've lost you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jailhouse rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny be good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joshua fit the battle\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  845	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just because\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just pretend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just tell her jim said hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kentucky rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king creole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of the whole wide world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me quick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kissin' cousins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	known only to him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ku-u-i-po\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lawdy miss clawdy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lead me, guide me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let us pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let yourself go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's forget about the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's talk about us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little cabin on the hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little egypt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little sister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little sister get back medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long black limousine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long legged girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long tall sally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long tall sally-whole lotta shakin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love letters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love letters medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  846	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me love the life i lead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me tender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make the world go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama liked the roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mansion over the hilltop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean woman blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memphis tennessee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	milkcow blues boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miracle of the rosary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moody blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight swim\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby left me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way (comme d'habitude)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my wish came true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mystery train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mystery train-tiger man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never been to spain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o come all ye faithful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o little town of bethlehem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old shep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a snowy christmas night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one broken heart for sale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  847	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one night medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night of sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the strong survive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paralyzed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patch it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace in the valley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	playin' for keeps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't drag that string around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't stop loving me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison ivy league\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polk salad annie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polk salad annie (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power of my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious lord, take my hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puppet on a string\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your hand in the hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raised on rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready teddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reconsider baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	release me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	return to sender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rip it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock-a-hula baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roustabout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubberneckin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubberneckin' (paul oakenfold remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa bring my baby back to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa claus is back in town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	separate ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake a hand\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  848	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shake rattle & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's not you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shopping around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing you children\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slicin' sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so glad you're mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody bigger than you & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spinout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steamroller blues (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	such a night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	such a night medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	such an easy question\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surrender medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicion medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicious minds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicious minds (metal version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet caroline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing down sweet chariot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my hand precious lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talkin' in your sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy bear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy bear medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy bear-don't be cruel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all right (live)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  849	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	that's when your heartache begins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first noel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the impossible dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the king is gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lady loves me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last fairwell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the next step is love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the plantation rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the promised land\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wonder of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there is no god but god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they remind me too much of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three corn patches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thrill of your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow is a long time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight is so right for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treat me nice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	t-r-o-u-b-l-e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble & guitar man & '68 comeback special)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true love travels on a gravel road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tryin' to get to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tutti frutti\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u.s. male\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until it's time for you to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	viva las vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk a mile in my shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we can make the morning\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  850	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wear my ring around your neck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wearin' that loved on look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to my world (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what now my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what now, what next, where to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what'd i say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's she really like\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it rains, it really pours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when my blue moon turns to gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where could i go but to the lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where did they go lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do i go from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do you come from\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where no one stands alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whistling tune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who am i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta shakin' goin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	witchcraft\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without love there is nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderful world of christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wooden heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working on the building\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't have to say you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gave me a mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never walk alone\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  851	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	presley, elvis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young & beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your cheatin' heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're a heartbreaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the reason i'm living (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've lost that lovin' feelin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	presley, lisa marie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sinking in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	preston, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing from nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will it go round in circles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you i'm born again (with syreeta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are so beautiful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	preston, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cradle of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running bear\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pretenders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2000 miles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a thin line between love & hate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back on the chain gang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brass in pocket (i'm special)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't get me wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday is like sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hymn to her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll stand by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving you is all i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	message of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	middle of the road\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  852	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pretenders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my city was gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mystery achievement\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night in my veins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	precious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sense of purpose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop your sobbing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk of the town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pretty poison\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	catch me (i'm falling)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pretty reckless\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make me wanna die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my medicine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pretty ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	push it baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your body\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	price, alan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	simon smith & his amazing dancing bear\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	price, julia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hardest part\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	price, kelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	friend of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	himaholic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tired\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	price, lloyd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gonna get married\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lawdy miss clawdy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	personality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where were you (on our wedding day)\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  853	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	price, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartaches by the number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invitation to the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a new heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san antonio rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got to be a saint\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the same old me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pride, charley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i have to offer you is me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burgers & fries\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas in my hometown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does my ring hurt your finger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd rather love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so afraid of losing you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is anybody goin' to san antone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just between you & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss an angel good mornin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's just an old love turned memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone loves you, honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're so good when you're bad\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	priest, maxi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	close to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set the night to music (with roberta flack)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some guys have all the luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild world\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  854	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	prima, louis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angelina-zooma zooma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby won't you please come home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	banana splits for my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'e la luna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer to the bone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	felecia no capecia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got the world on a string\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you under my skin (with keely smith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in the mood for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump, jive & wail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a gigolo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh marie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sentimental journey (with keely smith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that old black magic (with keely smith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the boardwalk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're smilin'-shiek of araby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	primal scream\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	movin' on up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	primitive radio gods\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	standing outside a broken phonebooth...\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	primitives, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crash\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	primus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jerry was a race car driver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wynona's big brown beaver\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1999\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	7\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	adore\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  855	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	prince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alphabet street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby i'm a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	batdance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	betcha by golly wow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black sweat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call my name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	computer blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	controversy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darling nikki\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delirious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamonds & pearls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dinner with delores\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do me, baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	erotic city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	extraordinary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fury\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gett off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls and boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glam slam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could never take the place of your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hate u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be your lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i would die 4 u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i was your girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's go crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's pretend we're married\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little red corvette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money don't matter 2 night\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  856	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	prince\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	musicology\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my name is prince\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing compares 2 u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing compares 2 u (with rosie gaines)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the couch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pink cashmere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p-ssy control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	purple medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	purple rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raspberry beret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy m.f.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sign o' the times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes it snows in april\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me with u (with apollonia 6)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	te amo corazon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beautiful ones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greatest romance ever sold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the holy river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the morning papers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the most beautiful girl in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thieves in the temple\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u got the look (with sheena easton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when doves cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you were mine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	princess superstar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad babysitter (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect (exceeder) (vs. mason)\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  857	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	prine, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel from montgomery (live) (with bonnie raitt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	illegal smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in spite of ourselves (with iris dement)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	proclaimers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gonna be (500 miles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm on my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letter from america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunshine on leith\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	procol harum\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a whiter shade of pale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	conquistador\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prodigy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody in the place (fairground remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firestarter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no good (start the dance)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	omen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poison\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smack my b-tch up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	product g&b, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	maria maria\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	professor green\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	read all about it (with emile sande)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prohibituary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in one fell swoop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prosser, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels don't fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life goes on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	protheroe, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pinball\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  858	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pruett, jeannie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	satin sheets\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	prydz, eric\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proper education (vs. pink floyd)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	psapp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cosy in the rocket (grey's anatomy theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pseudo echo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funkytown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	psy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gangnam style (phonetic)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	psychedelic furs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbreak beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty in pink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ghost in you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	psychic tv\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	godstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like arcadia\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	public enemy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	911 is a joke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring the noise (with anthrax)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't truss it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight the power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harder than you think\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he got game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night of the living baseheads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebel (whipped cream mix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	public image ltd.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flowers of romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rise\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  859	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	puckett, gary & the union gap\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't give in to him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady willpower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman, woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	puddle of mudd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abrasive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	away from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blurry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drift & die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she hates me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she hates me (clean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoned\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	puff daddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad boy for life (with black rob & mark curry)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a girl pt.1 (with usher & loon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a girl pt.2 (with ginuwine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be missing you (with faith evans)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all about the benjamins (remix) (with lil' kim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night (with keyshia cole)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get ill (deep dish remix) (with kelis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nasty girl (with notorious b.i.g., nelly & jagged edge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass the courvoisier pt.2 (with busta rhymes & pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfy you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pullins, leroy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm a nut\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pulp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all time high\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  860	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	pulp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	babies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	common people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	common people (7'' edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disco 2000 (single version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you remember the first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help the aged\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lipgloss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic works (the weird sisters)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mile end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monday morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party hard (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorted for e's & wizz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is hardcore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underwear\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	puppini sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	java jive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pure prairie league\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me love you tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pure soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we must be in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	puretone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addicted to bass\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	purify, james & bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm your puppet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake your tailfeather (shake a tail feather)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pursuit of happiness\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm an adult now\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  861	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	puscifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	conditions of my parole\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pussycat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my broken souvenirs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	pussycat dolls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buttons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cha (with busta rhymes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't need a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jai ho (you are my destiny)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stickwitu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tainted love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i grow up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	q-feel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancing in heaven (orbital be-bop) radio version\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	q-tip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bang bang bang (with mark ronson & mndr)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vivrant thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	quad city dj's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'mon ride it (the train)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space jam\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	quadron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby be mine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	quarashi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stick 'em up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	quarrymen, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in spite of all the danger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in spite of all the danger (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	quarterflash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	harden my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me to heart\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  862	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	quatro, suzi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	48 crash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can the can\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devilgate drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you can't give me love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stumblin' in (with chris norman)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	quatro, suzie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's in love with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	que\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love bites (with def leppard)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	queen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	'39\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a kind of magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a winter's tale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another one bites the dust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bicycle race\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big spender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	body language\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bohemian rhapsody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakthru'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy little thing called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	death on two legs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fat bottomed girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends will be friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme the prize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good old fashioned lover boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hammer to fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	headlong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven for everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want it all\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  863	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	queen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want to break free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going slightly mad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love with my car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	innuendo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is this the world we created\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a hard life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealousy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep yourself alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killer queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazing on a sunday afternoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living on my own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living on my own (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	machines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	made in heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my melancholy blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one but you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now i'm here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one vision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one year of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pants will rock you mashup (vs. general larry platt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	princess of the universe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen medley 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio ga ga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride the wild wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seaside rendezvous\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  864	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	queen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	seven seas of rhye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver heart attack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spread your wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stone cold crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god it's christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the great pretender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the show must go on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days of our lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tie your mother down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much love will kill you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under pressure (with david bowie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are the champions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we will rock you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we will rock you (live version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we will rock you-we are the champions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who wants to live forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my best friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	queen latifah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as time goes by (with rod stewart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cell block tango (with lil' kim & macy gray)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u.n.i.t.y.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're good to mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't stop the beat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	queens of the stone age\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	3's & 7's\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a song for the dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burn the witch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go with the flow\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  865	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	queens of the stone age\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leg of lamb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little sister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost art of keeping a secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it wit chu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	regular john\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sick, sick, sick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for the dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you think i ain't worth a dollar, but i feel like a millionaire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	queensr\uc2\u255\'FF\'00che\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another rainy night (without you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anybody listening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eyes of a stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't believe in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jet city woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of the reich\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent lucidity\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	question mark & the mysterians\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	96 tears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	quiet riot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cum on feel the noize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	metal health\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slick black cadillac\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	qwote\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	throw your hands up (dancar kuduro) (with pitbull & lucenzo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	r.e.m.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aftermath\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at my most beautiful\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  866	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	r.e.m.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bang & blame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bittersweet me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country feedback\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crush with eyeliner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daysleeper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	driver 8\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e-bow the letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electrolite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electron blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finest worksong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how the west was won\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imitation of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's the end of the world as we know it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing my religion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man on the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	near wild heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night swimming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orange crush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio free europe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiny happy people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange currencies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supernatural superserious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the great beyond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one i love\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  867	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	r.e.m.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the sidewinder sleeps tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tongue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's the frequency, kenneth\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rabbit, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	why don't you do right (from who framed roger rabbit)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rabbitt, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	b-b-burnin' up with love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	both to each other (with juice newton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drinking my baby off my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drivin' my life away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone too far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hearts on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love a rainy night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i made a promise (with crystal gayle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on second thought\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pour me another tequila\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's comin' back to say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone could lose a heart tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step by step\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best year of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warning sign\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i (with crystal gayle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't run from love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	racey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lay your love on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some girls won't\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raconteurs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken boyo soldier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  868	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	raconteurs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	level\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	salute your solution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steady as she goes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	racoon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love you more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no mercy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	radiohead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2+2=5 (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	airbag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyone can play guitar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	banana co. (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black star (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black star (piano)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bloom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bulletproof..i wish i was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	climbing up the walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	codex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creep (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electioneering\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything in it's right place (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exit music (for a film)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exit music (for a film) (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exit music (for a film) (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fake plastic trees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faust arp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fitter happier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give up the ghost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go to sleep\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  869	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	radiohead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	high & dry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house of cards\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	idioteque (bbc version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jigsaw falling into place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma in the life mashup (vs. beatles)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma police\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knives out (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let down (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little by little\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lotus flower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky (crummy midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning mr magpie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my iron lung\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my iron lung (crummy midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nice dream (worst midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no surprises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	optimistic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paranoid android\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	planet telex (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polyethylene (worst midi ever)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pyramid song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pyramid song (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rabbit in your headlights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reckoner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	separator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street spirit (fade out)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	subterranean homesick alien\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	subterranean homesick alien (8bit)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  870	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	radiohead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	supercollider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk show host (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tourist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trickster (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	videotape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never wash up after yourself\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rae, corinne bailey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little wing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your records on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble sleeping\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raekwon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ice cream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rafferty, gerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baker street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it right next time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night owl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right down the line\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rage against the machine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bullet in the head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bulls on parade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guerilla radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i could just kill a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killing in the name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	microphone fiend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	renegades of funk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleep now in the fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rainbow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all night long\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  871	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rainbow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	man on the silver mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since you've been gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street of dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temple of the king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rainwater, marvin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gonna find me a bluebird\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raitt, bonnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all at once\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel from montgomery (live) (with john prine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue for no reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it up or let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good man, good woman (with delbert mcclinton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't make you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love has no pride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me like a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love sneakin' up on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover's will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marriage made in hollywood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nick of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no way to treat a lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not the only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one belief away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one part be my lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right down the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock steady (with bryan adams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock steady (wth bryan adams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  872	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	raitt, bonnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	since i fell for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something to talk about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storm warning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thing called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too soon to tell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rakim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addictive (with truth hurts)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ram jam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black betty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rambler\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreamin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rammstein\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amerika\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bestrafe mich (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	du hast\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	du hast (german)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	du riechst so gut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	du riechst so gut (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	engel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	engel (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	herzeleid (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	p-ssy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seemann (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sehnsucht (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sonne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spiel mit mir (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tier (live)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ramones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	53rd & 3rd\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  873	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ramones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat on the brat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blitzkrieg bop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you remember rock n' roll radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glad to see you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want to grow up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be sedated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanted everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry christmas (i don't want to fight tonight)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pet sematary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pinhead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll high school\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockaway beach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sheena is a punk rocker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spiderman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage lobotomy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the kkk took my baby away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rancid\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daly city train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	detriot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disgruntled\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don giovanni\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall back down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hyena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna riot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last one to die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red hot moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby soho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	salvation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time bomb\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  874	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	randall, jon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	by my side (with lorrie morgan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold coffee morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i came straight to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she don't believe in fairy tales\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	randy & the rainbows\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	denise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rankin family, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fare thee well love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rappers against racism\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want to know what love is\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rappin' duke\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	duh-huh\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rappy mcrapperson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	5 big boners wiggling in your grandma's face\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rapture, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get myself into it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how deep is your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoo! alright-yeah... uh huh\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rare earth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just want to celebrate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rascal flatts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bless the broken road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bless the broken road (with carrie underwood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy (with natasha bedingfield)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast cars & freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i melt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't let go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm movin' on\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  875	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rascal flatts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life is a highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long slow beautiful dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love you out loud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mayberry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my gang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my wish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prayin' for daylight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she goes all the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skin (sarabeth)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still feels good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the everyday love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the glory of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what hurts the most\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while you loved me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winner at a losing game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rascals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	groovin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rasmus, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	guilty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the shadows\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raspberries, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go all the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overnight sensation\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  876	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ratt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back for more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lack of communication\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay it down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round & round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way cool jr.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raven\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(there's gotta be) more to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you gotta be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raven, eddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gonna get you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a letter to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joe knows how to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine shine shine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ravenscroft, thurl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're a mean one, mr. grinch\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raveonettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	last dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rawls, lou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a natural man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fine brown frame (with diane reeves)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a hurtin' thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see you when i get there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this song will last forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tobacco road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you made me so very happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never find another love like mine\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  877	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rawls, lou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your good thing is about to end\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ray j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another day in paradise (with brandy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last wish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one wish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy can i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i need\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ray, goodman & brown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	special lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ray, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you jimmy ray\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ray, johnnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raybon brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	butterfly kisses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raybon, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cracker jack diamond\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	raye, collin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody gonna take that from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyone else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	couldn't last a moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every second\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can still feel you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i volunteer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you bad (& that ain't good)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i were you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in this life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it could've been so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  878	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	raye, collin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little red rodeo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love remains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love, me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man of my word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kind of girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not that different\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one boy, one girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's all that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody else's moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone you used to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start over georgia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that was a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's my story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the eleventh commandment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gift (with susan ashton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if jesus comes back like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what the heart wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you still take me there\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rays, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	silhouettes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	razorlight\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before i fall to pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stop this feeling i've got\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewere else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wire to wire\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  879	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rea, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	auberge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	driving home for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool (if you think it's over)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the beach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	road to hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	road to hell pt. 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stainsby girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reader, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	patience of angels\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ready for the world\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh sheila\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	real hooks, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	comin' after your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	real life\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	send me an angel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	real mccoy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another night (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	automatic lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come & get your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run away (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	real thing, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you to me are everything\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rebekah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sin so well\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rebel mc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	street tuff\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  880	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	red box\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lean on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	red cafe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	money money money (with diddy & fabolous)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	red hot chili peppers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aeroplane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	apache rose peacock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blood sugar sex magik\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking the girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cabron\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	californication\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coffee shop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dani california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desecration smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dosed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fortune faded\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hump de bump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could have lied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you have to ask\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love rollercoaster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monarchy of roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	otherside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parallel universe\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  881	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	red hot chili peppers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	road trippin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scar tissue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sir psycho sexy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snow (hey oh)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul to squeeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stadium arcadium\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suck my kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the adventures of raindance maggie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greeting song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the zephyr song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they're red hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	universally speaking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	red jumpsuit apparatus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	face down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pen & paper\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	red rider\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lunatic fringe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	redbone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come & get your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	redding, otis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(sittin' on) the dock of the bay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't turn you loose (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fa fa fa fa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to handle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't turn you loose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been loving you too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got dreams to remember\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  882	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	redding, otis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover's prayer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa's got a new bag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	respect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the happy song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these arms of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tramp (with carla thomas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try a little tenderness\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reddy, helen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no way to treat a lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angie baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delta dawn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know how to love him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & me against the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	redmon & vale\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i had a nickel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	squeezin' the love outta you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rednex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cotton eye joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me for a while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish you were here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reed, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i love you) what can i say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amos moses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another puff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas time's a comin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	east bound & down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you what can i say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lord, mr. ford\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  883	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	reed, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she got the gold mine, i got the shaft\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're hot, you're hot\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reed, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you got me running\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reed, lou\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caroline says i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satellite of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vicious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on the wild side\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reel 2 real\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go on move (it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like to move it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reel big fish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hungry like the wolf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkey man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin but a good time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sell out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she has a girlfriend now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reeves, connor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my father's son\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reeves, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adios amigo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	am i losing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anna marie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billy bayou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bimbo\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  884	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	reeves, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	distant drums\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever been lonely (with patsy cline)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he'll have to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i guess i'm crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you because\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't come in while he's there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't forget you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gettin' better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna change everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it really over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it hurts so much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight & roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not until next time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snowflake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a heartache following me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to my world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when two worlds collide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reeves, julie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's about time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble is a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i need\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reeves, ronna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he's my weakness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart wasn't in it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let him see me cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all right with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reflections, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(just like) romeo & juliet\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  885	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	refreshments, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	banditos\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	refused\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new noise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rehab\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sittin' at a bar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reid, alyssa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone again (with jump smokers)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reid, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	today i'm gonna try & change the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reid, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep on walkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on faith\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reik\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	noviembre sin ti\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rej3ctz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cat daddy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	relient k\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be my escape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't need a soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who i am hates who i've been\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rembrandts, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll be there for you (friends theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way it is, baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	remedy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abandoned pools\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	remy zero\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	perfect memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prophecy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save me\par
\pard\sb284\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  886	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ren\uc2\u233\'E9\'00e & renato\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	save your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	renegade soundwave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	biting my nails\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reno, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost paradise (from footloose) (with ann wilson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rentals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	friends of p\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends of p (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends of p (trio)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reo speedwagon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't fight this feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let him go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in my dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep on loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep the fire burnin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one lonely night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ridin' the storm out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll with the changes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it on the run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time for me to fly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reparata & the delrons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	captain of your ship\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	repercussions\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's do it again (with curtis mayfield)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	replacements, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alex chilton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i o u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids don't follow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skyway\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  887	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	republica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drop dead gorgeous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready to go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	res\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	they-say vision\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	restless heart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby needs new shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big dreams in a small town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancy's dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast movin' train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for lack of better words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll still be loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maverick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mending fences\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no end to this road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that rock won't roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bluest eyes in texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	til i loved you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when she cries\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when somebody loves you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why does it have to be (wrong or right)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can depend on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	retroboy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	roboto 2008\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run for your life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reunion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life is a rock (but the radio rolled me)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reverend horton heat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	death metal guys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indigo friends\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  888	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	reverend horton heat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's martini time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reynolds girls, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'd rather jack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reynolds, debbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tammy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reynolds, jody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	endless sleep\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	reznor, trent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	immigrant song (with karen o) (the girl with the dragon tattoo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rhymes, busta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break ya neck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dangerous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't touch me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme some more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know what you want (with mariah carey & flipmode squad)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light your a-s on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it clap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass the courvoisier pt.2 (with puff daddy & pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your hands where my eyes could see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn it up-fire it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we made it (with linkin park)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where's your money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whoo-hah! got you all in check\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why stop now (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rhythm syndicate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	p.a.s.s.i.o.n. (passion)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rice, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lemonade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when did you fall\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  889	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rice, damien\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	9 crimes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cannonball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the blower's daughter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rice, tony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cold on the shoulder\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rich boy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good things (with keri hilson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rich, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a very special love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind closed doors\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love my friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i take it on home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollin' with the flow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she called me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since i fell for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the most beautiful girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there won't be anymore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rich, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come to bed (with gretchen wilson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever loving you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	richard, cliff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a voice in the wilderness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i ask of you (with sarah brightman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bachelor boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cliff richard medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cliff richard medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cliff richard medley 3\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  890	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	richard, cliff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cliff richard medley 4\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	congratulations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	''d'' in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you wanna dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't talk to him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gee whiz it's you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye sam hello samantha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye sam, hello samantha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high class baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could easily fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it'll be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all in the game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lessons in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' lovin' doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky lips\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss you nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mistletoe & wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the beach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't tease\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power to all our friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saviour's day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly (with olivia newton-john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the day i met marie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the next time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the young ones\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  891	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	richard, cliff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	theme for a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travellin' light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voices in the wilderness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we don't talk anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we say yeah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world-somewhere over the rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	willie & the hand jive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	richey, kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from where i stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just my luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those were the words we said\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	richie, lionel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all night long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all night long (2011 mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballerina girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brick house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing on the ceiling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	destiny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't wanna lose you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless love (with diana ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i call it love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hear your voice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my destiny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my tender heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night shift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh no\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  892	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	richie, lionel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ordinary girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	penny lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running with the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sail on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say you, say me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three times a lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	richman, jonathan & the modern lovers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abdul & cleopatra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buzz buzz buzz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	egyptian reggae\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning of our lives\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roadrunner\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ricki-lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	raining diamonds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ricochet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blink of an eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't stop thinkin' 'bout that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	connected at the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy's money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do i love you enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ease my troubled mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do i know\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  893	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	riddle, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	even angels fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rider, mitch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	devil with a blue dress on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ridgway, stan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	camouflage\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	right said fred\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daydream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deeply dippy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't talk just kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm too sexy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my mate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	righteous brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(you're my) soul & inspiration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebb tide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've lost that lovin' feelin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rihanna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad girl (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	birthday cake (remix) (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break it off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakin' dishes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california king bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheers (drink to that)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cockiness (love it) (remix) (with a-ap rocky)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold case love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	complicated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamonds\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  894	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rihanna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disturbia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drunk on love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fading\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	farewell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire bomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get it over with\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good girl gone bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard (ft. young jeezy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard (with young jeezy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hate that i love you (with ne-yo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never see your face again (with maroon 5)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it's lovin' that you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it just don't feel like xmas (without you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live your life (with t.i.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love the way you lie (piano version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love without tragedy-mother mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loveeeeeee song (with future)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's business (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only girl (in the world)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photographs (with will i am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pon de replay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pour it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raining men (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rehab\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roc me out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockstar 101\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rude boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run this town (with jay-z & kanye west)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  895	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rihanna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	russian roulette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	russian roulette (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s&m\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s.o.s. (rescue me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up & drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay (with mikky ekko)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a bow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk that talk (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	te amo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	umbrella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	umbrella (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unfaithful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait your turn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we all want love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we found love (with calvin harris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's my name (female solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's my name (with drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where have you been\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you da one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	riley, jeannie c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	harper valley p.t.a.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rilo kiley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	portions for foxes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	portions for foxes (no backing vocs)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rimes, leann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big deal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but i do love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't fight the moonlight\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  896	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rimes, leann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't fight the moonlight (graham stack remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cattle call (with eddy arnold)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clinging to a saving hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	commitment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboy's sweetheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god bless america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good friend & a glass of wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i live (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know who holds tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to be a cowboy's sweetheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll get even with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last thing on my mind (with ronan keating)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life goes on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life goes on (pop mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking through your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovesick blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin' new under the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing better to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the side of angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one way ticket (because i can)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	probably wouldn't be this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a little holiday in your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's gotta give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swingin'\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  897	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rimes, leann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ten thousand angels cried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the light in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these arms of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	written in the stars (with elton john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you light up my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your cheatin' heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rio grand\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kill me now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rip chords, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey little cobra\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ripperton, minnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lovin' you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rise against\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	audience of one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prayer of the refugee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready to fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	re-education through labor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	savior\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing life away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the good left undone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	riskay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smell yo d-ck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ritter, tex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	have i told you lately that i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i dreamed of a hillbilly heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm wastin' my tears on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealous heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you two-timed me one time too often\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  898	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	river city gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this old town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	river road\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somebody will\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rivera, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	vuela muy alto\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rivers, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	binders full of women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	her majesty heather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am santa claus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	message from the king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the twelve pains of christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' 'round in women's underwear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if eminem did jingle bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta drugs (zeppelin parody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wreck the malls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rivers, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mountain of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' pneumonia & the boogie woogie flu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret agent man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swayin' to the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the poor side of town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tracks of my tears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rivieras, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rizzle kicks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	down with the trumpets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	traveller's chant\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  899	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	roachford\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	only to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way i feel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robbins, dennis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mona lisa on cruise control\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robbins, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a white sportcoat (& a pink carnation)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballad of the alamo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begging to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big iron\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el paso\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost riders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i walk alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll go on alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just married\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my woman, my woman, my wife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	padre\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby ann\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	singin' the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some memories just won't die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight carmen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking piece of heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roberts, julie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break down here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first to never know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl next door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	men & mascara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up older\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  900	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	robertson, robbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somewhere down the crazy river\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robin s\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	show me love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robinson, smokey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	being with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cruisin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebony eyes (rick james)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just to see her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rewind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robinson, smokey & the miracles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby, baby don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going to a go-go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i second that emotion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you can want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mickey's monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my girl has gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooo baby baby baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shop around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears of a clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tracks of my tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've really got a hold on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robinson, vickie sue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turn the beat around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robison, bruce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the good life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travelin' soldier\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robison, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barlight\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  901	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	robison, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my hometown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robson & jerome\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what becomes of the broken hearted\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	robyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call your girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing on my own (kleerup)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you really want me (show respect)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't stop the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handle me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	indestructible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	konichiwa b-tches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	none of dem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl & the robot (spencer & hill remix) (with r\uc2\u246\'F6\'00yksopp)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i do best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with every heartbeat (kleerup)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rock, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no sex (in the champagne room) (with gerald levert)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rocko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	squares out your circle (with future)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rockwell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's watching me\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  902	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rodgers, jimmie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honeycomb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kisses sweeter than wine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rodman, judy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	until i met you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rodriguez\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sugar man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rodriguez, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance with me (just one more time)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just can't get her out of my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just get up & close the door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love put a song in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ridin' my thumb to mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way love goes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you always come back to hurting me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roe, tommy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dizzy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jam up, jelly tight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sheila\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet pea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the folk singer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rogers, julie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wedding\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rogers, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i ever need is you (with dottie west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyone who isn't me tonight (with dottie west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful (all that you could be)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blaze of glory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buried treasure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buy me a rose\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  903	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rogers, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coward of the county\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daytime friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't fall in love with a dreamer (with kim carnes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time two fools collide (with dottie west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homeland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you want to find love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be there for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	islands in the stream (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just dropped in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is strange (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love or something like it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will turn you around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucille\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary did you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary did you know (with wynonna judd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ol' red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reuben james\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby, don't take your love to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she believes in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow dance more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's burning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell it all brother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the gambler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greatest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the vows go unbroken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there you go again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through the years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til i can make it on my own (with dottie west)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  904	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rogers, kenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	together again (with dottie west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomb of unknown love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty years ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we've got tonight (with sheena easton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are we doin' in love (with dottie west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while the feeling's good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with bells on (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you decorated my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rogers, roy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy trails\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rogue traders\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't you wanna feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voodoo child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watching you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you're on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would you raise your hands\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rojas, tito\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	por mujeres como tu\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rolling stones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	19th nervous breakdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	2000 light years from home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	2000 man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	around & around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as tears go by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beast of burden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	biggest mistake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blinded by rainbows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brown sugar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b-tch\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  905	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rolling stones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can i get a witness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead flowers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doo doo doo doo doo (heartbreaker)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doom & gloom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emotional rescue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody needs somebody to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool to cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get off of my cloud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme shelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going to a go-go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harlem shuffle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	has anybody seen my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just wanna make love to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all over now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only rock 'n' roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jumpin' jack flash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just my imagination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it bleed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's spend the night together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a rolling stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little queenie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little red rooster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little t&a\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is strong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mannish boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight rambler\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  906	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rolling stones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	miss you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mixed emotions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother's little helper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not fade away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one hit (to the body)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paint it black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play with fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & a hard place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rolling stones medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	route 66\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ruby tuesday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfaction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's so cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine a light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sister morphine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street fighting man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet black angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet virginia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sympathy for the devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me you're coming back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the singer not the song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the spider & the fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time is on my side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tumbling dice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under my thumb\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  907	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rolling stones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	undercover of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting on a friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking the dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you better move on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't always get what you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got me rocking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rollins band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	liar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liar (video version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	romano, christy carlson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's bounce\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	romantics, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	talking in your sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i like about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	romeo void\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never say never\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	romeo, max\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chase the devil\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ronettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby, i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frosty the snowman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleigh ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' in the rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ronny & the daytonas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	g.t.o.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ronson, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anywhere in the world (with katy b.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just (with phantom planet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh my god\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  908	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ronson, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stop me (with daniel merriweather)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valerie (with amy winehouse)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ronson, mark & the business intl.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bang bang bang (with mndr & q-tip)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody to love me (with boy george)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bike song (with kyle falconer & spank rock)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ronstadt, linda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my life (with aaron neville)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	am i blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in the u.s.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bewitched, bothered & bewildered\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue bayou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but not for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't we be friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close your eyes (with aaron neville)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy he calls me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	different drum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't know much (with aaron neville)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faithless love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeats accelerating\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heatwave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high sierra (with dolly parton & emmylou harris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i make you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurt so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i keep it hid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's so easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a crush on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long long time\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  909	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ronstadt, linda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love has no pride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lush life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh no not my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh baby baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor poor pitiful me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river for him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver threads & golden needles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to lay down beside me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere out there (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straighten up & fly right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that'll be the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the blue train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tracks of my tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tumbling dice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when something is wrong with my baby (with aaron neville)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will i be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you wish upon a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're no good\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rooney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm shakin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when did your heart go missing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rooster\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come get some\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	staring at the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're so right for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roots, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't say nuthing\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  910	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	roots, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the seed 2.0\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rose royce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	car wash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna get next to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm going down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love don't live here anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing on a star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rose, katy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	overdrive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rosie & the originals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ross, diana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no mountain high enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of you (with julio iglesias)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	band of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best years of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chain reaction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you know where you're going to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless love (with lionel richie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never loved a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will survive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're not gonna love me right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm coming out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna make you love me (with stevie wonder)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's my turn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last time i saw him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love hangover\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  911	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ross, diana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not over you yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach out & touch (somebody's hand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me higher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch me in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	upside down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voice of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting in the winds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you tell me that you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you tell me that you love me (with westlife)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why do fools fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are everything (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ross, diana & the supremes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back in my arms again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come see about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hear a symphony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll try something new (with the temptations)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna make you love me (with the temptations)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is like an itching in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my favorite things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my world is empty without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reflections\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday we'll be together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoned love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop in the name of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supremes medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the happening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where did our love go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white christmas\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  912	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ross, diana & the supremes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you can't hurry love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you keep me hangin' on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ross, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(everyday i'm) hustlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(everyday i'm) hustlin' (with hook)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil in a new dress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diced pineapples (with wale & drake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am (with nelly & avery storm)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hustlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speedin' (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay schemin' (with drake & french montana)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it to the head (with lil' wayne, nicki minaj, dj khaled & chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yella diamonds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rossdale, gavin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adrenaline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love remains the same\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rossington-collins band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't misunderstand me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roth, asher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be by myself (with cee-lo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love college\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roth, david lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	california girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump (with the john jorgenson bluegrass band)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a gigolo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yankee rose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rough trade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	high school confidential\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roussos, demis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever & ever\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  913	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	roussos, demis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye my love goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mourir aupres de mon amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quand je t'aime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain & tears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rovers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wasn't that a party\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rowland, kelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't nobody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	commander\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daylight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dilemma (with nelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down for whatever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down for whatever (with the wavs)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grown woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invincible (with tinie tempah)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep it between us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay it on me (with big sean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like this (with eve)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	motivation (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose colored glasses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love takes over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work (freemasons mix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roxette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost unreal (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	church of your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crash boom bang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dangerous (duet)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  914	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	roxette\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dressed for success\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fading like a flower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fireworks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish i could fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it must have been love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joyride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listen to your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	milk & toast & honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got nothing on (but the radio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleeping in my car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spending my time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the look (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't understand me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roxy music\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	avalon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jealous guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladytron\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's stick together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is the drug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh yeah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same old scene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slave to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the strand\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  915	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	roxy music\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	virginia plain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roy ayers ubiquity\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody loves the sunshine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	roy, lesley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gone, i'm going\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unbeautiful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	royal crown revue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey pachuco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zip gun bop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	royal guardsmen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	snoopy vs. the red baron\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snoopy's christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	royal teens, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	short shorts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	royal, billy joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	down in the boondocks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love has no right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	royalle delite\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll be a freak for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	r\uc2\u246\'F6\'00yksopp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	clocks (with coldplay)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know what i can save you from (with kings of convenience)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss it so much (with lykke li)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only this moment (duet with kate havnevik)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl & the robot (spencer & hill remix) (with robyn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tricky tricky (with fever ray)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vision one (with anneli drecker)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what else is there (with karin dreijer andersson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rozalla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody's free (to feel good)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  916	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rubberbandits, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	horse outside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna fight your father\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rubettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	juke box jive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar baby love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rubio, paulina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baila casanova\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't say goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ruby & the romantics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	our day will come\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rucker, darius\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tendercrisp bacon cheddar ranch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together anything's possible\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rudimental\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not giving in (with john newman & alex clare)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rudolf, kevin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let it rock (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ruff endz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	someone to love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ruffin, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my whole world ended\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away from love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ruffin, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	farewell is a lonely sound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on to my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll say forever my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what becomes of the brokenhearted\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rufus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once you get started\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  917	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rufus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me something good\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	runaways, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherry bomb\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rundgren, todd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bang the drum all day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can we still be friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello it's me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we gotta get you a woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	run-dmc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	christmas in hollis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's like that (vs. jason nevins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's tricky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk this way (with aerosmith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you be illin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	runga, bic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sway\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	runrig\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	loch lomond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loch lomond (live)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rupaul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	supermodel (you better work)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closer to the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly by night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freewill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	limelight\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  918	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	rush\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new world man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one little victory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red barchetta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	subdivisions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the camera eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the spirit of radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the trees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time stands still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tom sawyer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the page\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vital signs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	witch hunt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rush of fools\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never far away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rush, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the power of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rush, merrilee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel of the morning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rushen, patrice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forget me nots\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rushlow, tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	russel, brenda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	piano in the dark\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	russell, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rednecks, white socks & blue ribbon beer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	russell, leon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a six pack to go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a song for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady blue\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  919	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	russell, leon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tight rope\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rutles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cheese & onions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i must be in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	questionnaire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the knicker elastic king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ruts, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	babylon's burning (no bkv)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rybak, alexander\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fairytale\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	rydell, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forget him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ryder, mitch & the detroit wheels\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	devil with a blue dress on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ryder, serena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all for love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	s club 7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't stop movin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	s club 8\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sundown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	s.o.s. band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just be good to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take your time (do it right) pt.1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the finest\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saadiq, raphael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ask of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good man\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  920	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	saadiq, raphael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	movin' down the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never give you up (with stevie wonder & cj hilton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	staying in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sabre, maverick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sad cafe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every day hurts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	by your side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherish the day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on to your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it a crime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of sorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no ordinary love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing can come between us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please send me someone to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smooth operator\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweetest taboo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love is king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sadler, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the ballad of the green berets\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	safetysuit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	these times\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sager, carole bayer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're moving out today\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saigon kick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is on the way\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  921	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sailor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girls girls girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saint etienne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he's on the phone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only love can break your heart (richard x remix edit)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sakamoto, kyu\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sukiyaki\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saliva\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	click click boom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i walk alone (batista's theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ladies & gentlemen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	survival of the sickest\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	salonga, lea\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how wonderful we are (with peabo bryson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	salt-n-pepa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nuthin' but a she thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's talk about sex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	none of your business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push it (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoop (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the brick song versus gitty up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatta man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sam & dave\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't make it so hard on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on, i'm comin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i thank you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soothe me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when something is wrong with my baby\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  922	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sam & the womp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bom bom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sam the sham & the pharaohs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lil' red riding hood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wooly bully\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	samberg, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	d-ck in a box (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazy sunday (with chris parnell)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sambora, richie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in it for love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sammie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sande, emeli\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daddy (with naughty boy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	imagine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kind of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	read all about it (pt3)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sanders, deion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	must be the money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sandler, adam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at a medium pace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	corduroy blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grow old with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lunchlady land (sloppy joe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ode to my car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red hooded sweatshirt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody kill me (wedding singer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chanukah song\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  923	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sandler, adam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what the hell happened to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sanford townsend band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smoke from a distant fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	santa esmerelda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't let me be misunderstood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	santa rosa, gilberto\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	la agarro bajando\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	santana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	america (with p.o.d.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amor\uc2\u233\'E9\'00 (sexo) (with macy gray)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black magic woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evil ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels like fire (with dido)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm feeling you (with michelle branch)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria maria (with product g&b)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open invitation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oye coma va\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your lights on (with everlast)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's not there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smooth (with rob thomas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the game of love (with michelle branch)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't you & i (with chad kroeger)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	santana, juelz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh boy (with cam'ron)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there it go (the whistle song)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	santiago, lina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feels so good\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	santigold\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disparate youth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fame\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  924	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	santigold\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	l.e.s. artistes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	santo & johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sleepwalk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saraya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love has taken it's toll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sarstedt, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	frozen orange juice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do you go to (my lovely)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	satcher, leslie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the slow way home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saturdays, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	30 days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if this is love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	issues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just can't get enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you watch me (with travie mccoy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	savage garden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	affirmation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	animal song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break me shake me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break me, shake me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chained to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crash & burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i knew i loved you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want you (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best thing\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  925	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	savage garden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the lover after me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to the moon & back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to the moon & back (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truly madly deeply\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truly madly deeply (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two beds & a coffee machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can still be free\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	savage, chantay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will survive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	savalas, telly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some broken hearts never mend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	save ferris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on eileen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saving jane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl next door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supergirl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saw doctors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i useta love her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	n17\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sawyer brown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	800 pound jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	betty's bein' bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cafe on the corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive me wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't believe in goodbye\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  926	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sawyer brown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will leave the light on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in love with her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some girls do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step that step\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank god for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boys & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the dirt road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the walk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this missin' you heart of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treat her right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble on the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	used to blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wantin' & havin' it all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	saxon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	denim & leather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheels of steel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sayer, leo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how much love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stop lovin' you (though i try)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long tall glasses (i can dance)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlighting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than i can say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one man band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orchard road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the show must go on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunder in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel like dancing\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  927	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sayle, alexie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello john got a new motor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sbtrkt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scaffold, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lily the pink\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scaggs, boz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fly like a bird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jojo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lido shuffle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look what you've done to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lowdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what can i say\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scandal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the warrior\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scarbury, joey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	greatest american hero (believe it or not)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scarface\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hand of the dead body (with ice cube)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scarlet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	independent love song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scatman john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	scatman (ski-ba-bop-ba-dop-bop)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scatman's world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scherzinger, nicole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	schilling, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	major tom (coming home)\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  928	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	schilling, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the different story (world of lust & crime)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	schneider, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at the sound of the tone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been around enough to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's a memory like you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	school of fish\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	three strange days\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	schoolhouse rock!\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	conjunction junction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm just a bill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	interjections!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	interplanet janet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	schwarz, brinsley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(what's so funny 'bout) peace, love & understanding\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scissor sisters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any which way (with kylie minogue)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby come home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comfortably numb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody wants the same thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	filthy gorgeous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire with fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't decide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't feel like dancin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	intermission\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it can't come quickly enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss you off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of a thousand words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laura\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovers in the backseat\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  929	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	scissor sisters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	might tell you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music is the victim\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	other side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paul mccartney\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	return to oz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shady love (with krystal pepsy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's my man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take your mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tits on the radio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scooter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm raving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebel yell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scorpions\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	believe in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big city nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't live without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dust in the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock you like a hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send me an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the zoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the same sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the smoke is going down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wind of change (no whistle)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  930	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	scorpions\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wind of change (with whistle)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scott, freddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scott, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burning bridges\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what in the world's come over you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scott, jill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	family reunion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gettin' in the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so in love (with anthony hamilton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scott, linda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i've told every little star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scott, marilyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	starting to fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scouting for girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elvis ain't dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's so lovely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ain't a love song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	screamin' cheetah wheelies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie king\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	screaming trees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nearly lost you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scrimshank records\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trekkies & we know it (lmfao parody)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	script, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakeven (falling to pieces)\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  931	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	script, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken arrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give the love around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hall of fame (with will.i.am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you see kay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kaleidoscope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	science & faith\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who couldn't be moved\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	scritti politti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	absolute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the word girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wood beez\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seahorses, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is the law\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a change is gonna come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amazing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human beings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stand the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you don't know me by now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a man's man's man's world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been loving you too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	killer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss from a rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock on wood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lean on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's stay together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's divine\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  932	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	seal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	people get ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prayer for the dying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this could be heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seals & crofts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	diamond girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll play for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer breeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we may never pass this way again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seals, brady\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i fell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best is yet to come\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seals, dan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all fired up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big wheels in the moonlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on arrival\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet me in montana (with marie osmond)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby's got good timing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the healing kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three time loser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love comes around the bend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you still move me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sean, jay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hit the lights (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	searchers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't throw your love away\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  933	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	searchers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love potion no. 9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needles & pins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	searchers medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven nights to rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody told me you were crying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday we're gonna love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar & spice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweets for my sweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it or leave it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what have they done to the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you walk in the room\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seawright, leah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on the backroads\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sebastian, guy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who's that girl (with eve)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	secada, jon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you believe in us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never knew you (from pocahontas) (with shanice)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's about to change my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mental picture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too late, too soon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	secondhand serenade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fall for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	secret affair\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	time for action\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  934	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	secret machines, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	leaves are gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nowhere again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the road leads where it's led\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sedaka, neil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breaking up is hard to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking up is hard to do (slow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calendar girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday sweet 16\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of clowns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laughter in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	next door to an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh carol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one way ticket to the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should've never let you go (with dara sedaka)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's when the music takes me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the miracle song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seduction\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	could this be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two to make it right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seeds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pushin' too hard\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seekers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a world of our own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgy girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never find another you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	island of dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morningtown ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seekers medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the carnival is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when will the good apples fall\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  935	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	seether\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	careless whisper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fake it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no resolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remedy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seger, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	against the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful loser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	betty lou's gettin' out tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'est la vie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come to poppa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel like a number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire down below\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire lake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get out of denver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	her strut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollywood nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in your time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	katmandu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little drummer boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lock & load\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mainstreet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night moves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old time rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ramblin' gamblin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll never forgets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll me away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shakedown\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  936	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	seger, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shame on the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the famous final scene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the horizontal bop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til it shines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travelin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	travelin' man-beautiful loser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn the page\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	understanding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we've got tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll accomp'ny me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seldome scene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	house of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old train\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	selecter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on my radio\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	selena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a boy like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amore prohibido\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bidi bidi bom bom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	captive heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	como la flor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disco melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	donequira que estes (wherever you are)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreaming of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el toro relajo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enamorada de ti\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fotos y recuerdos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i could fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm getting used to you\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  937	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	selena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	la carcacha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no me queda mas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	si la quieres\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	techno-cumbia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tu solo tu\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sellers, jason\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a matter of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help calling your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matter of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that does it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sellers, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodness gracious me (with sophia loren)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sellers, shane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	matthew, mark, luke & earnhardt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	selway, philip\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beyond reason\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sembello, michael\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	maniac\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	semi-pro\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me sexy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	semisonic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	closing time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	singing in my sleep\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sensations, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let me in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	september\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry for you (you'll never see me again)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	serani\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no games\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  938	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	serendipity singers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beans in my ears\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sermon, erick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	setzer, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	el diablo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hoodoo voodoo doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rumble in brighton\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seven\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drunk chicks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seven mary three\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cumbersome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over your shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	water's edge\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sevendust\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	denial\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enemy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going back to cali\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	praise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prodigal son\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	seville, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	witch doctor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sex bob-omb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	garbage truck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	threshold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	threshold (recorded intro)\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  939	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sex pistols\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anarchy in the u.k.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e.m.i.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friggin' in the riggin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god save the queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no feelings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty vacant\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	streets of london\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sexton, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beat's so lonely\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sexual harassment\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i need a freak\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sha na na\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to hand jive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those magic changes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shaggy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel (with rayvon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boombastic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance & shout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freaky girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freaky girl (with the kraft)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it wasn't me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it wasn't me (with ricardo ''rikrok'' ducent)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julie (with ali g)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh carolina\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shai\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i'm yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comforter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna be alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i ever fall in love\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  940	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shai\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	place where you belong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together forever\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shakatak\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love games\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shakespear's sister\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello (turn your radio on)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're history\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shakira\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful liar (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	en tus pupilas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	escondite ingles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hips don't like\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inevitable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la imprescindible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la pared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la tortura (with alejandro sanz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	las de la intuicion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no creo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	objection (tango)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poem to a horse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	que me quedes tu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	que vuelvas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rabiosa (english) (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she wolf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underneath your clothes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever wherever\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  941	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shalamar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancing in the sheets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the second time around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sham 69\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels with dirty faces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	borstal breakout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hersham boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if the kids are united\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shamen, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bass drum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebeneezer goode\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.s.i.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move any mountain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shampoo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shangri-las, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	give him a great big kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leader of the pack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember (walking in the sand)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shanice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i like\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love your smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never knew you (from pocahontas) (with jon secada)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saving forever for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take care of u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i close my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shanks & bigfoot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet like chocolate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shannon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let the music play\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  942	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shannon, del\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hats off to larry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep searchin' (we'll follow the sun)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kelly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little town flirt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swiss maid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the answer to everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two kinds of tear drops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shapeshifters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	incredible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lola's theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sensitivity\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shapiro, helen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walkin' back to happiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sharissa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any other night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sharkey, fergal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a good heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sharp, bree\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	david duchovny\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sharp, kevin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if she only knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you love somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is all that really matters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's sure taking it well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's only you\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  943	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shatner, william\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	common people (with joe jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ideal woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shaw, sandie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	long live love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	puppet on a string\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shaw, victoria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forgiveness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears dry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shawn, dick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heat miser-snow miser (from year without a santa claus)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shawna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shake that sh-t (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	she & him\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fools rush in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	she moves\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breaking all the rules\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	she wants revenge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	monologue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she loves me she loves me not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone must get hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tear you apart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shebang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kids in america\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shed seven\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chasing rainbows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she left me on a friday\par
\pard\sb330\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  944	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shedaisy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will... but\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little goodbyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still holding out for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this woman needs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sheeran, ed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drunk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lego house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small bump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the a team\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sheik, duncan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barely breathing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bite your tongue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she runs away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sheila e.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a love bizzare\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the belle of saint mark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the glamorous life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shelton, blake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addicted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	austin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	footloose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good at startin' fires\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody but me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ol' red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some beach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the more i drink\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  945	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shelton, ricky van\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hole in my pocket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll leave this world loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just as i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living proof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	statue of a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wherever she is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shenandoah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all over but the shoutin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always have, always will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darned if i don't, danged if i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deeper than that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost in the house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if bubba can dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll go down loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	janie baker's love slave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere in the vicinity of the heart (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday in the south\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the church on cumberland road\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shep & the limelights\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daddy's home\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shepard, jean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	second fiddle to an old guitar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shepard, vonda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby don't you break my heart slow (with emily saliers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't we try (with dan hill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only want to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	searchin' my soul\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  946	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shepard, vonda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the end of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you belong to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shepherd, ashton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	takin' off this pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shepherd, kenny wayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born with a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deja voodoo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sheppard, t.g.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born in a high wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil in the bottle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faking love (with karen brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finally\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i loved 'em, every one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be coming back for more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only one you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last cheater's waltz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sheridan, tony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my bonnie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sheriff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when i'm with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sherman, allan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy downtown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello muddah hello faddah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the twelve days of christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sherman, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	easy come easy go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julie do ya love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little woman\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  947	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shields\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you cheated, you lied\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shinedown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	45\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	atmosphere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begin again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bully\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning bright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i dare you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	junkies for fame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shed some light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yer majesty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shins, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	australia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fighting in a sack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new slang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new slang (with oohs)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phantom limb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saint simon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simple song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so says i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shiny toy guns\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	major tom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shirelles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby it's you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dedicated to the one i love\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  948	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	shirelles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everybody loves a lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolish little girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i met him on a sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight's the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you still love me tomorrow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shirley & company\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shame shame shame\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shirley & lee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let the good times roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shivaree\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodnight moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shocking blue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	venus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shontelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	say hello to goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	t-shirt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shop boyz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	party like a rock star\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shore, dinah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue canary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blues in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buttons & bows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' what comes natur'lly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sentimental journey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shotgun messiah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbreak blvd\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	showaddywaddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little bit of soap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chain gang\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  949	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	showaddywaddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on, let's go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancin' party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavenly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wonder why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	personality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty little angel eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sea cruise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	showaddywaddy medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	showaddywaddy medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	showaddywaddy medley 3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three steps to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trocadero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the moon of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got what it takes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	shriekback\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nemesis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nemesis (spanish)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathe me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day too soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sick puppies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're going down\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  950	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sifl & olly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	laser eyes (no intro)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laser eyes (with intro)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sigel, beanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't stop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sigur r\uc2\u243\'F3\'00s\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hlj\uc2\u243\'F3\'00malind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hopp\uc2\u237\'ED\'00polla\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	silk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't rush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl u for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	silkk the shocker\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it ain't my fault\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	silver\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wham bam shang-a-lang\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	silver jews\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animal shapes (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	silverchair\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abuse me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ana's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	greatest view\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you keep losing sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pure massacre\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reflections of sound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight lines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tomorrow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	silversun pickups\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lazy eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	panic switch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	substitution\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  951	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	silversun pickups\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the pit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well thought out twinkles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simmons, jumpin' gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	haunted house\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simon & garfunkel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	59th st. bridge song (feelin' groovy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a most peculiar man (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	april come she will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	at the zoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby driver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bridge over troubled water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cecilia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cloudy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el condor pasa (if i could)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fakin' it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flowers never bend near the rainfall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for emily whenever i may find her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hazy shade of winter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homeward bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am a rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kathy's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep the customer satisfied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaves that are green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mrs. robinson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my little town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old friends-bookends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patterns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peggy o\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  952	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	simon & garfunkel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	punky's dilemma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	richard cory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the life of my child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scarborough fair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got diamonds on the soles of her shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere they can't find me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	song for the asking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sparrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boxer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boxer (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the dangling conversation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only living boy in new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the only living boy in new york (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sound of silence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sound of silence (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the times they are a-changin' (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up little susie (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we've got a groovy thing going on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simon, carly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anticipation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as time goes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	attitude dancing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better not tell her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming around again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devoted to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haven't got time for the pain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the wee small hours of the morn'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	legend in your own time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the river run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a river\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  953	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	simon, carly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mocking bird (alternating version) (with james taylor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mocking bird (with james taylor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody does it better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pearl's a singer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way i've always heard it should be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the right thing to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stuff that dreams are made of\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touched by the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two little sisters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're not makin' love anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you belong to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're so vain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simon, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	50 ways to leave your lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american tune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boy in the bubble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamonds on the soles of her shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	duncan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father & daughter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	graceland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kodachrome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	late in the evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loves me like a rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & julio down by the schoolyard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother & child reunion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	obvious child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slip slidin' away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still crazy after all these years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me to the mardi gras\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can call me al\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  954	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	simone, nina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't got no (i got life)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let me be misunderstood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feeling good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i loves you, porgy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i put a spell on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want a little sugar in my bowl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just like a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me or leave me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mississippi goddamn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby just cares for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see line woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sinnerman (full length)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sinnerman (short)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange fruit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild is the wind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simple minds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alive & kicking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you forget about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glittering prize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mandela day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sanctify yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterfront\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simple plan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addicted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd do anything\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  955	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	simple plan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer paradise (with k'naan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untitled (how can this happen to me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i'm gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love is a lie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simply red\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time we say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fairground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for your babies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holding back the years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you don't know me by now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money's too tight to mention\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something got me started\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the right thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simpson, ashlee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	autobiography\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boyfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invisible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lala\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pieces of me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simpson, jenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ticket out of kansas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simpson, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a whole new world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot like fire\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  956	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	simpson, jessica\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i think i'm in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna love you forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	irresistible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little drummer boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part of your world (little mermaid)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	public affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my breath away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these boots were made for walking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where you are (with nick lachey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	simpsons, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	88 lines about 44 simpsons (the great luke ski)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep deep trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do the bart man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sims, joyce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all & all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come into my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sims, kym\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	too blind to see it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after you've gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't that a kick in the head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	april in paris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as time goes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as you desire me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	autumn in new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad bad leroy brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bang bang (my baby shot me down)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  957	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baubles, bangles & beads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	besame mucho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best is yet to come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bewitched, bothered & bewildered\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue lace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bluebird of happiness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bonita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brazil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by the time i get to phoenix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i steal a little love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change partners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheek to cheek\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come fly with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come rain or shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cycles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darn that dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day in day out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day in the life of a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didn't we\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't take your love from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't wait too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't worry about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	embraceable you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emily\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of a love affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything happens to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everywhere you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling in love with love\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  958	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fine romance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly me to the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fools rush in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for once in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forget domani\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	french foreign legion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from here to eternity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get me to the church on time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl from ipanema\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl next door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glad to be unhappy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guess i'll hang my tears out to dry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello dolly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey jealous lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high hopes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you keep the music playing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't believe that you're in love with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stop loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get a kick out of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i had the craziest dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love paris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will drink the wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish you love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wished on the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be seeing you\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  959	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll follow my secret heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll remember april\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll see you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm getting sentimental over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm walking behind you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the blue of evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the still of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it had to be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it was a very good year\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a blue world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a sin to tell a lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a crush on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a crush on you (with barbara streisand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got the world on a string\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got you under my skin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've never been in love before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just as though you were here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.a. is my lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laura\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	learnin' the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it snow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me try again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's fall in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like someone in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little girl blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little white lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live till i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	london by night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love & marriage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love isn't just for the young\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  960	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's been good to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luck be a lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makin' whoopee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mind if i make love to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mistletoe & holly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moment to moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon got in my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon was yellow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight becomes you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight in vermont\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlight serenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mrs robinson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby just cares for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my funny valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kind of town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nancy (with the laughing face)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	near you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new york, new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nice 'n easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night & day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night we called it a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	none but the lonely heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ol' man river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old devil moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the sunny side of the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one for my baby\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  961	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one for my baby (and one more for the road)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one i love belongs to somebody else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one note samba\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only the lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pennies from heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't talk about me when i'm gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put your dreams away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reaching for the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roses of picardy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfy me one more time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second time around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send in the clowns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	september song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shadow of your smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	softly as i leave you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soliloquy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some enchanted evening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something stupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something stupid (with nancy sinatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's gotta give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere along the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak softly love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	standing on the corner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star dust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars fell on alabama\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  962	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stormy weather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strangers in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street of dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet caroline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taking a chance on love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to me baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tangerine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that old black magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the house i live in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lady is a tramp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	theme from new york new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there will never be another you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these foolish things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they can't take that away from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they can't take that away from me (with natalie cole)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think i'm gonna make it all the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three coins in the fountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tie a yellow ribbon 'round the old oak tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to love and be loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too marvelous for words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	very thought of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wandering\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well did you evah (with bing crosby)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll gather lilacs in the spring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll meet again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are you doing the rest of your life\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  963	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what is this thing called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what'll i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i lost you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i'm not near the one i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when no one cares\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the wind was green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the world was young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you're smiling (the whole world smiles with you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where or when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who wants to be a millionaire (with celeste holm)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why try to change me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	witchcraft\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without a song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wives and lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are the sunshine of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you do something to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel so young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you turned my world around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you will be my music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young at heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're driving me crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're getting to be a habit with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're sensational\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're so right (for what's wrong in my life)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sinatra, nancy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bang bang (my baby shot me down)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	did you ever (with lee hazlewood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friday's child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got you under my skin (with bono)\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  964	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sinatra, nancy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jackson (with lee hazlewood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shot you down (with audio bullys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some velvet morning (with lee hazlewood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something stupid (with frank sinatra)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer wine (with lee hazlewood)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these boots are made for walkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you only live twice\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	singers unlimited\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ja-da\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	singing dogs & cats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jingle bells\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	singing nun, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dominique\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dominique (french version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	singletary, daryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i let her lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd love to lay you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby's lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's where you're wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's why i sing this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the note\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	workin' it out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sinitta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	toy boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	siouxsie & the banshees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cities in dust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dazzle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear prudence\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  965	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	siouxsie & the banshees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	face to face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hong kong garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	israel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss them for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	metal postcard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peek-a-boo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spellbound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the killing jar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sir douglas quintet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mendocino\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's about a mover\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sir mix-a-lot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby got back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beepers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump on it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my hooptie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	posse on broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spongebob got back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swap meet louie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sisqo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how many licks (with lil' kim)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thong song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unleash the dragon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sister 7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	know what you mean\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sister hazel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change your mind\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  966	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sister hazel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	concede\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mandolin moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sister sledge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	frankie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are family (voguebeats dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sisters of mercy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black planet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dominion-mother russia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucrecia, my reflection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	temple of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this corrosion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sisters wade, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	how much longer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sixpence none the richer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beautiful scandalous night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't dream it's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down & out of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	safety line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there she goes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sixwire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	look at me now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sixx am\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life is beautiful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skaggs, ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back where we belong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cajun moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country boy\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  967	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	skaggs, ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crying my heart out over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from the word love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little mountain church house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love can't ever get better than this (with sharon white)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new shining star (with james taylor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same ol' love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shady grove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solid ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thanks again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walls of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you may see me walikin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skee-lo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	top of the stairs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ski, luke (the great)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jon archer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man named jayne, a\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one night in quark's bar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	serenity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spock star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's up spock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skid row\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	18 and life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i remember you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkey business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	quicksand jesus (crummy midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasted time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	youth gone wild\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skillet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	awake & alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hero\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  968	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	skinny puppy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	assimilate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skrillex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bangarang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakn' a sweat (ft. the doors)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it bun dem (damian 'jr. gong' marley)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skunk anansie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brazen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weak\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sky kings\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	picture perfect\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skyhooks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all my friends are getting married\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ego is not a dirty word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	horror movie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	women in uniform\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skylark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wildflower\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	skyliners, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	since i don't have you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	slade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coz i luv you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cum on feel the noize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	far far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get down get with it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gudbuy t'jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama weer all crazee now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry christmas everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry xmas everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my friend stan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my oh my\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  969	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	slade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	run runaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skweeze me pleeze me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slade medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me back 'ome\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	slaughter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fly to the angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up all night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	slayer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	raining blood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seasons in the abyss\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sleater-kinney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	entertain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jumpers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rollercoaster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're no rock n' roll fun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sledge, percy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hard to handle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it tears me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock on wood (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me tender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take time to know her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warm & tender love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a man loves a woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sleeper agent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get it daddy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sleepy brown\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i cant wait (with outkast)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you move me (with outkast)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sleigh bells\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rachel\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  970	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sleigh bells\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	run the heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	slick rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	children's story\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	slim thug\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	check on it (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	slipknot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	before i forget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	duality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	left behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	psychosocial\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pulse of the maggots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sulfur\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vermilion pt.2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait & bleed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	slow moving millie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	please, please, please let me get what i want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sly & the family stone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance to the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot fun in the summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you want me to stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing a simple song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sly fox\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's go all the way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	small faces\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all or nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green circles\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  971	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	small faces\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm only dreaming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	itchycoo park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazy sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sha la la la lee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tin soldier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wham bam, thank you mam\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	small, heather\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	proud\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	small, millie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my boy lollipop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smallwood, richard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trust me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smash\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a thousand and one nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheers (drink to that)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haven't met you yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	history is made at night (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	history is made at night (female solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	history is made at night (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me be your star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's be bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	national pastime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never give all the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second hand white baby grand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smash\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smash mouth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get enough of you baby\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  972	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	smash mouth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday in my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a believer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pacific coast party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then the morning comes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' on the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waste\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smashing pumpkins\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1979\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ava adore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bullet with butterfly wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherub rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disarm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everlasting gaze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	landslide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muzzle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	siva\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand inside your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the end is the beginning is the end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thirty three\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zero (le castle vania remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby it's you\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  973	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	smith, anthony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if that ain't country\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, cal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country bumpkin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, carl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't just stand there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if teardrops were pennies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loose talk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, connie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't had no lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i talk to him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll come runnin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once a day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then & only then\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, elliott\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a fond farewell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	l.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss misery (early version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waltz #2 (xo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, frankie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	double dutch bus\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, huey & the clowns\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rockin' pneumonia & the boogie woogie flu\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, jaden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the coolest\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, michael w.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a matter of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	above all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	agnus dei\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  974	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	smith, michael w.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come to the cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	draw me close\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go west, young man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of worship\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be here for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be your friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live the life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matter of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing person\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more love, more power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the other side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	picture perfect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	place in this world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pray for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there she stands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is your time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, mindy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come to jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one moment more\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, o.c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little green apples\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  975	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	smith, patti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gloria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes love just ain't enough (with don henley)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, rex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you take my breath away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, sammi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	help me make it through the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, stephanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	letting go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, will\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black suits comin' (nod ya head)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freakin' it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gettin' jiggy wit it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gettin' jiggy wit it (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just cruisin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the two of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	men in black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miami\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	switch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild wild west\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will 2k\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smith, willow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	21st century girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fireball (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whip my hair\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smithereens, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a girl like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind the wall of sleep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only a memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much passion\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  976	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	smiths, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ask\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bigmouth strikes again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boy with the thorn in his side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cemetry gates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frankly, mr. shankly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl afraid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend in a coma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hand in glove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven knows i'm miserable now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how soon is now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know it's over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i started something i couldn't finish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meat is murder (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	panic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please please please let me get what i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shakespeare's sister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sheila take a bow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoplifters of the world unite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop me if you think you've heard this before\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the joke isn't funny anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the queen is dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a light that never goes out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this charming man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unhappy birthday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vicar in a tutu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what difference does it make\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	william, it was really nothing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smokie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	arms of mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby its you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	changing all the time\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  977	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	smokie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	day dreaming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't play your rock 'n' roll to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for a few dollars more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you think you know how to love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll meet you at midnight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it never rains in southern california\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay back in the arms of someone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living next door to alice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mexican girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mister tamborine man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needles and pins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh carol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's been making me blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take good care of my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who the f-ck is alice (with roy ''chubby'' brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild wild angels\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smoking armadillo's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let your heart lead your mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smooth-e\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	obama style (psy parody) (with alphacat)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smurfs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smurf school\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	smyth, patty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beat of a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i should be laughing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no mistakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes love just ain't enough (with don henley)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	snap\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you see the light\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  978	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	snap\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rhythm is a dancer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the power\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sneaker pimps\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	6 underground\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sneaky sound system\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pictures\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ufo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we were young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sniff 'n' the tears\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	driver's seat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	snoop dogg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 of amerikaz most wanted (with 2pac)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't no fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful (with pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boom (with t-pain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe it in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drop it like it's hot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drop it like it's hot (with pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck wit dre day (with dr. dre)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from tha chuuuch to da palace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gin & juice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holidae in (with chingy & ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get blown (with pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life of da party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lodi dodi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nuthin' but a ''g'' thang (with dr. dre)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say somethin' (with mariah carey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sensual seduction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signs (with justin timberlake & charlie wilson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signs (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  979	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	snoop dogg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweat (david guetta remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the sh-t (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the next episode (with dr. dre)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ups and downs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	upside ya head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we just wanna party with you (with jermaine dupri)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's my name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	snoop lion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here comes the king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lighters up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	snow\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl i've been hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	informer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	snow patrol\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	called out in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasing cars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasing cars (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chocolate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crack the shutters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how to be dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if there's a rocket tie me to it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just say yes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	planets bend between us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set the fire to the third bar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signal fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spitting games\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  980	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	snow patrol\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take back the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this isn't everything you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you could be happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're all i have\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	snow, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't hurt anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm movin' on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been everywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady's man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miller's cave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's child\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	snow, phoebe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	poetry man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soap\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this is how we party\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sobule, jill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cinnamon park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i kissed a girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	social distortion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another state of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ball & chain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	machine gun blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mommy's little monster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reach for the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring of fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	story of my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soda club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heaven is a place on earth\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  981	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	soda stereo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ciudad de la furia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cuando pase el temblor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nada personal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	persiana americana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	profugos\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soft cell\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bedsitter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a mugs game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say hello wave goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex dwarf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tainted love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	torch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what!\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soggy bottom boys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i am a man of constant sorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the jailhouse now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soho\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hippychick\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	solo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	solveig, martin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big in japan (with dragonette & idoling)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello (with dragonette)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready 2 go (with kele)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	some, belouis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	imagination\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	somerville, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never can say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel (mighty real)\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  982	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	somethin' for the people\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my love is the shhh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	something corporate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you c jordon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sommers, joanie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	johnny get angry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one boy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	son by four\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a puro dolor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	son lux\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flickers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	son of bazerk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change the style\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	son volt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	songz, trey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bottoms up (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't be friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help but wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart attack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty brown (with amerie)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say ahh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simply amazing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sonic youth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	incinerate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kool thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little trouble girl (with kim deal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teen age riot\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  983	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sonicflood\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want to know you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sonics, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shot down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sonique\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i put a spell on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ican't make up my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it feels so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sonny & cher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a cowboy's work is never done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i ever need is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you babe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the beat goes on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sons of sylvia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love left to lose\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sons of the desert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	albuquerque\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving october\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what about you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sons of the pioneers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cool water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost riders in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tumbling tumbleweeds\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soraia, charlene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wherever you will go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul asylum\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will still be laughing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises broken\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  984	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	soul asylum\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	runaway train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody to shove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without a trace\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul coughing\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	circles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super bon bon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul decision\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	faded\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul food\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a song for mama\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul for real\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	candy rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every little thing i do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul II soul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love enuff\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul survivors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	expressway to your heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't give up on us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soul, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you wanna be happy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soulja boy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crank dat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm leanin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me thru the phone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soulja girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	souljahz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let go\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  985	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	souljahz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	poor man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soundgarden\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	been away too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black hole sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blow up the outside world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burden in my hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	by crooked steps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fell on black days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fopp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hunted down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus christ pose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live to rise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my wave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outshined\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty noose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rusty cage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spoonman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superunknown\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sounds of blackness\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	please take my hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your wish is my command\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	soup dragons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	divine thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pleasure\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	source, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you got the love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	south park\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chocolate salty balls (p.s. i love you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a lonely jew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kyle's mom is a b-tch\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  986	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	south park\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	merry f-ckin' christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mountain town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poker face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	timmy & the lords of the underworld\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight is right for love (with meat loaf)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	south sixty five\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a random act of senseless kindness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby's got my number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no easy goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	south, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	games people play\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	souther, j.d.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	her town, too (with james taylor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're only lonely\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	space\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	avenging angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballad of tom jones (with catatonia)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	female of the species\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & you versus the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neighbourhood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	space monkeys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sugar cane\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spacehog\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i want to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the meantime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spacemen 3\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	transparent radiation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spagna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spandau ballet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chant no.1 (don't need this pressure on)\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  987	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	spandau ballet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	communication\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fight for ourselves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highly strung\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll fly for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	instinction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muscle bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only when you leave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paint me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round & round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she loved like diamond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the freeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	through the barricades\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to cut a long story short\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true (pm dawn remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spaniels, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodnight, sweetheart, goodnight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spanky & our gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lazy day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sparkles, robin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's go to the mall (how i met your mother)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sparks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beat the clock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool places (with jane wiedlin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this town ain't big enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when do i get to sing ''my way''\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sparks, jordin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	battlefield\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebrate (with whitney houston)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  988	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sparks, jordin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no air (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one step at a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one wing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s.o.s. (let the music play)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tattoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sparro, sam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black & gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still hungry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spartz, doug\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	colors & numbers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sparxxx, bubba\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ms. new booty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ugly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spears, billie jo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blanket on the ground\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spears, britney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(drop dead) beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(i got that) boom boom (with ying yang twins)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(you drive me) crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	3\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anticipating\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	autumn goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby one more time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beat goes on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big fat bass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big fat bass (with will.i.am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to make you happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boys (duet) (remix)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  989	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	spears, britney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break the ice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't make you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cinderella\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	circus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	criminal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear diary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do somethin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go knockin' on my door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let me be the last to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	e-mail my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from the bottom of my broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gasoline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl in the mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold it against me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how i roll (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get no satisfaction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love rock & roll (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will still love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if u seek amy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a slave 4 u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not a girl, not yet a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me against the music (with madonna)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  990	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	spears, britney\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my only wish (this year)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my perogative\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one kiss from you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oops... i did it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outrageous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overprotected\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phonography\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piece of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satisfaction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream and shout (with will.i.am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seal it with a kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soda pop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday (i will understand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till the world ends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toxic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trouble for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unusual you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up n' down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what it's like to be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what u see (is what u get)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when your eyes say it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	womanizer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you got it all\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	special generation\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me just for me\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  991	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	specials, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a message to you rudi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghost town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nite klub\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much too young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spector, phil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spektor, regina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue lips\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fidelity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hotel song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rejazz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	samson\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the calculation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the call\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spencer davis group\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gimme some lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep on running\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody help me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spencer, tracie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's all about you (not about me)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spice girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 become 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	denying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	headlines (friendship never ends)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if u can't dance\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  992	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	spice girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lady is a vamp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last time lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let love lead the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mamma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my strongest suit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never give up on good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night divas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say you'll be there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something kinda funny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spice up your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lady is a vamp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time goes by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	viva forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wannabe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wannabe (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who do you think you are\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spiller\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	groovejet (if this ain't love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spin doctors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cleopatra's cat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever seen the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how could you want him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jimmy olsen's blues (pocket full of kryptonite)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little miss can't be wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the way (i like it) (with biz markie)\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  993	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	spin doctors\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the bigger i laugh, the harder i cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two princes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you let your heart go too fast\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spinal tap\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(listen to the) flower people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(listen to the) flower people (reggae stylee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big bottom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cups & cakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme some money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heavy duty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell hole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll creation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saucy jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex farm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	short & sweet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stonehenge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i'm gonna rock you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warmer than hell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spinners, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	could it be i'm falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ghetto child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of a kind (love affair)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rubberband man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then came you (with dionne warwick)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they just can't stop it (the games people play)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working my way back to you babe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spiral starecase\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	more today than yesterday\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  994	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	spiral starecase, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	more today than yesterday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spirit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i got a line on you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spitting image\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the chicken song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	splender\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i think god can explain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	split enz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	history never repeats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope i never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	message to my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shark attack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	six months in a leaky boat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	splodgenessabounds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 pints of lager and a packet of crisps please\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sponberg, nicol\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crazy in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sponge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	have you seen mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	molly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plowed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wax ecstatic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spoon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i turn my camera on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sister jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	written in reverse\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  995	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	spose\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm awesome\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	springfield, dusty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as long as we got each other (with b.j. thomas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i close my eyes & count to ten\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just don't know what to do with myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only want to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	son of a preacher man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay awhile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the look of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty four hours from tulsa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what have i done to deserve this (with pet shop boys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	windmills of your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishin' & hopin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't have to say you love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	springfield, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	affair of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebrate youth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't talk to strangers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get excited\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've done everything for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jessie's girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just one kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is alright tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my father's chair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rick springfield megamix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	souls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak to the sky\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  996	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	springfield, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	state of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of fool am i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	springsteen, bruce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't good enough for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all that heaven will allow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	backstreets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	badlands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blinded by the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bobby jean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born in the u.s.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brilliant disguise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cadillac ranch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cover me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darlington county\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead man walking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	downbound train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fade away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls in their summer clothes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glory days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy biker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hungry heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna marry you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i should fall behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll work for your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm goin' down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	into the fire\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  997	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	springsteen, bruce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	janey don't lose your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jersey girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jersey girl (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus was an only son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jungleland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last to die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' in the future\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonesome day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long walk home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary's place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry christmas baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	murder incorporated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my hometown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old dan tucker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one step up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pink cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	racing in the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosalita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa claus is coming to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret garden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sherry darling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	streets of philadelphia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tenth avenue freezeout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ghost of tom joad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the rising\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunder road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunder road (with melissa etheridge)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  998	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	springsteen, bruce\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tomorrow never knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tougher than the rest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tunnel of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waitin' on a sunny day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we take care of our own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working on a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wreck on the highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can look but you better not touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your own worst enemy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're missing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	spurm\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funkyway galaxy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telstar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	squeak e. clean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hello tomorrow (with karen o.)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	squeeze\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another nail in my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black coffee in bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool for cats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hourglass\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is that love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	labelled with love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pulling mussels (from the shell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slap & tickle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me i'm yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tempted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up the junction\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  999	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	squier, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	christmas is the time to say i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody wants you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely is the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my kinda lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me tonite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stroke\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	squirrel nut zippers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put a lid on it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suits are picking up the bill\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	st. james, rebecca\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reborn\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	st. louis, louis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rock 'n' roll party queen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stabbing westward\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what do i have to do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stacey, phil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you didn't love me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stacy q\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two of hearts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stafford, jim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my girl bill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spiders & snakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wildwood weed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stafford, jo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on london bridge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you belong to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stafford, terry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	suspicion\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1000	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	staind\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crawl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	epiphany\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's been awhile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	price to pay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tangled up in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warm safe place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waste\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stallone, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	far from over\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stampeders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carry me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh my lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	playin' in the band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet city woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stampley, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all these things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll on big mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey chasin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	standards\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a string of pearls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amazing grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	america the beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anchors aweigh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	auld lang syne\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1001	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	standards\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	battle hymn of the republic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful dreamer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye blackbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caissons go rolling along\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheek to cheek\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clementine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dixie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five foot two, eyes of blue (fast)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	five foot two, eyes of blue (slow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for me & my gal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god bless america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight irene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harrigan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hokey-pokey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home on the range\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll take you home again kathleen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laura\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me call you sweetheart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby of broadway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make someone happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man on the flying trapeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	molly malone (cockles & mussels)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my bonnie lies over the ocean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my foolish heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my grandfather's clock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my little grass shack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my wild irish rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never on sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nostalgia medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh susannah\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1002	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	standards\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	old man river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the sunny side of the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on top of old smokey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orange & the green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patriotic medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocky top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	route 66\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sentimental journey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she'll be comin' round the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine on harvest moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me the way to go home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star spangled banner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars & stripes forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet leilani\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing low, sweet chariot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me out to the ballgame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tenderly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is my country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this land is your land\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trust & obey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unicorn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	united states air force song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ways to love a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wedding song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when irish eyes are smiling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you wish upon a star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild rover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yankee doodle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yankee doodle boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow rose of texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are my sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're a grand old flag\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1003	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	standards\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're gonna love yourself (in the morning)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	standards (greek)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	agapame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	aspres kordeles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	berasmena xehasmena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	den pao pouthena\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	didimi psihi mou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eme anevazmenos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	garefalo st'afte\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gia pes mou te sou ekana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gia ta matia toy kosmou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	greek wedding song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lege ote thes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maria me ta ketrina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mehri na ginoume aggeloi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	melahrenake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never on sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nina na e na e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o diavolikos\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rixe sto kormi mou\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	s anazito sti saloniki\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sameotessa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simera gamos genete\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to agalma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zito ta paraloga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zorba the greek\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	standards (jewish)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adon olam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	al kol eleh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chanuka-mi y'malel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dayenu\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1004	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	standards (jewish)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	halleluya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hanukah medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hatikva\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hava nagila\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haveinu shalom aleichem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jerushalayim shel zahav\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oif 'n' pripitchok\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ose shalom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rojenkes mit mandlin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shalom aleichem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	siman tov\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tzena\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stanely brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a beautiful life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stanford townsend band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smoke from a distant fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stanley, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	live to win\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stanley, ralph\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life's railway to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old time religion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white dove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stansfield, lisa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody here but us chickens\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all around the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in all the right places\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never never gonna give you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the real thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these are the days of our lives (with george michael)\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1005	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	staple singers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heavy makes you happy (sha-na-boom boom)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're ready (come go with me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll take you there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's do it again (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starbuck\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moonlight feels right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stardust\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	music sounds better with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stardust, alvin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my coo-ca-choo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starland vocal band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	afternoon delight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starr, brenda k.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	herida\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starr, edwin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	agent double-o soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop her on sight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty five miles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starr, kay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	side by side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man with the bag\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheel of fortune\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starr, lucille\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	french song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starr, ringo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(it's all down to) goodnight vienna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it don't come easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la de da\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no no song\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1006	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	starr, ringo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh my my\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photograph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're sixteen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stars on 45\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	60's medley\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stars on 54\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you could read my mind (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starsailor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four to the floor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good souls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep us together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poor misguided fool\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	starship\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's not over ('til it's over)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing's gonna stop us now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing's gonna stop us now (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we built this city\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	statler brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bed of roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you know you are my sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elizabeth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flowers on the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get started if we're gonna break my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my only love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much on my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	staton, candi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	young hearts run free\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1007	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	status quo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aniversary waltz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning bridges\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caroline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gerdundula\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ice in the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the army now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's christmas time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marguerita time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper plane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pictures of matchstick men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' all over the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you're proposing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you walk in the room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild side of life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stealers wheel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck in the middle with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	na na hey hey kiss him goodbye\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steel dragon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stand up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steel panther\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	community property\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	death to all but metal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fat girl (thar she blows)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steel pulse\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brown eyed girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reggae fever\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1008	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	steele, jeffrey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somethin' in the water\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steele, tommy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	little white bull\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steeleye span\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all around my hat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steelheart\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'll never let you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steely dan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any major dude\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	babylon sisters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad sneakers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	barrytown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black cow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black friday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bodhisattva\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cousin dupree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deacon blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty work\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doctor wu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyone's gone to the movies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fm (no static at all)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gaslighting abbie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green earrings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haitian divorce\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey nineteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jack of speed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	josie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kid charlemagne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight cruiser\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1009	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	steely dan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my rival\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my school\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretzel logic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reelin' in the years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rikki don't lose that number\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show biz kids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fez\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the goodbye look\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the nightfly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time out of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	west of hollywood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a shame about me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stefani, gwen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4 in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crash\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	early winter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hollaback girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me blow ya mind (with eve)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luxurious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that you got it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that you got it (with damian marley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	orange county girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rich girl (with eve)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	serious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweet escape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweet escape (with akon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you waiting for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wind it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the boss (with brian setzer)\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1010	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stegall, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1969\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fifty-fifty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steiner, tommy shane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tell me where it hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if she's an angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what we're gonna do about it (with bridgette wilson-sampras)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stellarsound\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's dance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steppenwolf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to be wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic carpet ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sookie sookie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the pusher\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steps\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tragedy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stereo mc's\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	connected\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human being (bedrock steady)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stereomud\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stereophonics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bank holiday monday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dakota\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyday i think of money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handbags & gladrags\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have a nice day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hurry up & wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wouldn't believe your radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it means nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just looking\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1011	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stereophonics\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	local boy in the photograph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	madame helga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama told me not to come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama told me not to come (with tom jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moviestar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. writer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pick a part that's new\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step on my old size nines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bartender & the thief\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first time ever i saw your face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	traffic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vegas 2 times\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	steve miller band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abracadabra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance, dance, dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly like an eagle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jet airliner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jungle love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living in the u.s.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	serenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swingtown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take the money & run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the joker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the stake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true fine love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wide river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild mountain honey\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1012	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	steve miller band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	winter time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stevens, cat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't keep it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father & son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first cut is the deepest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard headed woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love my dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	longer boats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonshadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	morning has broken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh very young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad lisa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sitting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two fine people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do the children play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stevens, dodie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pink shoe laces\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stevens, rachel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathe in, breathe out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funky dory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock on wood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more, more, more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	negotiate with love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet dreams my l.a. ex\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1013	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stevens, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ahab the arab\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad little boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything is beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gitarzan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mississippi squirrel revival\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	osama yo mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa claus is watching\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the haircut song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the streak (duet)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stevens, shakin'\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a letter to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a love worth waiting for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a rockin' good way (with bonnie tyler)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry just a little bit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me your heart tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be satisfied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jungle rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marie, marie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	merry christmas everyone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh julie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shakin' stevens medley 1\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shakin' stevens medley 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shirley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teardrops\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best christmas of them all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this ole house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turning away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you drive me crazy\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1014	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stevenson, b.w.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my maria\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stevie b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	because i love you (the postman song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funky melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be by your side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party your body\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on the border\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time passages\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	year of the cat\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, amii\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	knock on wood\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	summertime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drinkin' thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey trip\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, jermaine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we don't have to take our clothes off\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, larry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alright already\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart like a hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' the rock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, rod\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(your love keeps lifting me) higher & higher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't love a b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all for love (with bryan adams & sting)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1015	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stewart, rod\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as time goes by (with queen latifah)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby jane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best of my love, the\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bewitched, bothered & bewildered (with cher)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken arrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but not for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cigarettes & alcohol\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy she calls me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	day after day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do ya think i'm sexy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't get around much anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	downtown train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	embraceable you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every beat of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every picture tells a story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything i own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime we say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	father & son\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for all we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for sentimental reasons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for the first time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have i told you lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever seen the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	having a party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot legs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	human\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am sailing (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't deny it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get started\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1016	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stewart, rod\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't want to talk about it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i only have eyes for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was only joking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if loving you is wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if not for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you don't know me by now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be seeing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll stand by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	infatuation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it had to be you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's the same old song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just my imagination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss to build a dream on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave virginia alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it be me (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love hurts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maggie may\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makin' whoopee (with elton john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mandolin wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	manhattan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonglow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my cherie amour\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart can't tell you no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart stood still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nearness of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night and day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nightingale sang in berkeley square\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh no not my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ooh la la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our love is here to stay\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1017	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stewart, rod\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	people get ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy night in georgia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reason to believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red-suited super man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhythm of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some guys have all the luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stardust\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that old feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first cut is the deepest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the killing of georgie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the motown song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you look tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these foolish things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they can't take that away from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this old heart of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till there was you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time after time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tom traubert's blues (waltzing matilda)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight i'm yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight's the night (gonna be alright)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the real thing comes along\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	very thought of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanna be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll be together again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a wonderful world\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1018	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stewart, rod\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what am i gonna do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what becomes of the broken hearted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where or when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with every beat of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you go to my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel brand new (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel brand new (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you really got a hold on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wear it well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young turks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're in my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stewart, wynn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's such a pretty world today\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stiff little fingers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alternative ulster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strawdogs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspect device\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stigers, curtis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i wonder why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stills & young band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	long may you run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stills, stephen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love the one you're with\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sting\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the rain has fallen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all for love (with rod stewart & bryan adams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	be still my beating heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brand new day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desert rose\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1019	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sting\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	englishman in new york\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fields of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fortress around your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fragile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw three ships\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i ever lose my faith in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you love somebody, set them free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so happy i can't stop crying (with toby keith)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's probably me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let your soul be your pilot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little wing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon over bourbon street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	murder by numbers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing 'bout me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	russians\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shape of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll be together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when we dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever i say your name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	windmills of your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you still touch me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stir\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new beginning\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stockman, shawn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	visions of a sunset\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stockton, shane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gonna have to fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if i'm right\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stone poneys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	different drum\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1020	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stone roses\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elephant stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool's gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am the resurrection\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be adored\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love spreads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mersey paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sally cinnamon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she bangs the drum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterfall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stone sour\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inhale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zzyzx rd\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stone temple pilots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all in the suit that you wear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between the lines\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big bang baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big empty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crackerman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days of the week\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead & bloated\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	huckleberry crumble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	interstate love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady picture show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no way out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	plush (unplugged)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex type thing\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1021	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stone temple pilots\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sour girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take a load off\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trippin' on a hole in a paper heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tumble in the rough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vasoline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wicked garden\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stone, angie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brotha pt.2 (with alicia keys & eve)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish i didn't miss you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stone, angus & julia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big jet plane\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stone, doug\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a jukebox with a country song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	addicted to a dollar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born in the dark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith in me, faith in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone out of my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never knew love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i thought it was you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd be better off (in a pine box)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little houses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	made for lovin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make up in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes i forget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	surprise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these lips don't know how to say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too busy being in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	warning labels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why didn't i think of that\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1022	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stone, joss\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the kings horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby baby baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chokin' kind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry baby-piece of my heart (with melissa etheridge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fell in love with a boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i had a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've fallen in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely this christmas (with mick jagger)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right to be wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some kind of wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somehow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spoiled\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	super duper love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me what we're gonna do now (with common)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victim of a foolish heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whisper in the wind (with the roots & betty wright)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you had me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stonewall jackson\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	waterloo\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stooges, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1969\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme danger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got a right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be your dog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no fun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	search & destroy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your pretty face is going to hell\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1023	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stooshe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me (travie mccoy)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stories, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brother louie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	straight no chaser\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the christmas can can\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	strait, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a fire i can't put out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ace in the hole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	adalida\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my ex's live in texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	am i blue (yes i'm blue)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amarillo by morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby your baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby's gotten good at goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue clear sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carried away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carrying your love with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check yes or no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chill of an early fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboys like us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	designated drinker (with alan jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desperately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does fort worth ever cross your mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't tell me you're not in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down & out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drinking champagne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy come, easy go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	famous last words of a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool hearted memory\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1024	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	strait, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone as a girl can get\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good news, bad news (with lee ann womack)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here for a good time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how 'bout them cowgirls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can still make cheyenne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cross my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hate everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just want to dance with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know she still loves me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i met a friend of yours today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw god today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd like to have that one back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i know me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ain't lovin' (you ain't livin')\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you can do anything else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're thinking you want a stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't cool to be crazy about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've come to expect it from you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of the mountain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lead on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's fall to pieces together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living & living well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love bug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love without end, amen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marina del ray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meanwhile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	murder on music row (with alan jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody has to get hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody in his right mind would've left her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ocean front property\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1025	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	strait, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one night at a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of the clear blue sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overnight male\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overnight success\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right or wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round about way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she let herself go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she'll leave you with a smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shiftwork (with kenny chesney)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so much like my dad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere down in texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars on the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay out of my arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the big one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fireman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the seashores of old mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thoughts of a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today my world slipped away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	true\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unwound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we really shouldn't be doing this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do you say to that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's going on in your world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	write this down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't make a heart love somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know me better than that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you look so good in love\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1026	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	strait, george\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you'll be there\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stranglers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	96 tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nice 'n' sleazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no mercy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peaches\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skin deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something better change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange little girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	strawberry alarm clock\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	incense & peppermints\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	strawberry switchblade\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	since yesterday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	strawbs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	part of the union\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stray cats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i won't stand in your way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock this town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexy & 17\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stray cat strut\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	street, mel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lovin' on back streets\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	streets, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blinded by the lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't mug yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dry your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fit but you know it\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1027	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	streets, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never went to church\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prangin' out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you wasn't famous\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	streisand, barbra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a woman in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	above the law (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i ask of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the children (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	being alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	calling you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come tomorrow (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comin' in & out of your life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy he calls you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't rain on my parade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	emily\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evergreen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for all we know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gentle rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden dawn (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye for now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guilty (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here's that rainy day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here's to life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hideaway (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do you keep the music playing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know why i love you like i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i finally found someone (with bryan adams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you ever leave me (with vince gill)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a fool to want you\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1028	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	streisand, barbra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm in the mood for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the wee small hours of the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's up to you (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've dreamed of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got a crush on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jingle bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me in the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's hear it for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letting go (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make someone happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man i love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my funny valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart belongs to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night of my life (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more tears (enough is enough) (with donna summer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our love (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	places that belong to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	second hand rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoke gets in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spring can really hang you up the most\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoney end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger in a strange land (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell him (with celine dion)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1029	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	streisand, barbra\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the main event\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the second time around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way we were\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till i loved you (with don johnson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're not making love anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of fool (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do you start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild is the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without your love (with barry gibb)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't bring me flowers (with neil diamond)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you go to my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you must believe in spring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're gonna hear from me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the top\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stroke 9\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	letters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little black backpack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	strokes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	12 51 pm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electricityscape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	games\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to explain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart in a cage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	juicebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last nite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	razorblade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reptilia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taken for a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under cover of darkness\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1030	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	strokes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you only live once\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stromae\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alors on danse\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	strongbad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trogdor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stryder, tinchy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bright lights (with pixie lott)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spaceship (with dappy)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stryper\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honestly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldiers under command\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to hell with the devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together as one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stuart, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burn me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	high on a mountain top\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hillbilly rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonkin's what i do best (with travis tritt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i ain't got you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i give my soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss me, i'm gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love & luck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that's country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red, red wine & cheatin' songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tempted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thanks to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what love's about\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the likes of me\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1031	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	stuart, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the whiskey ain't workin' (with travis tritt)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this one's gonna hurt you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this one's gonna hurt you (with travis tritt)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	studdard, ruben\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	superstar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	students\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm so young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	studt, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just a little girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	style council\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	long hot summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my ever changing moods (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the best thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	stylistics, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	betcha by golly, wow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break up to make up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't give you anything (but my love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm stone in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	na na is the saddest word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people make the world go round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' roll baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing baby sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you make me feel brand new\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	styrofoam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	other side of town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	styx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	babe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue collar man (long nights)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boat on the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come sail away\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1032	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	styx\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crystal ball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let it end\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fooling yourself (angry young man)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lorelei\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. roboto\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	renegade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me the way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snowblind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suite madame blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best of times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the grand illusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much time on my hands\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sublime\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	40 oz. to freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	89 vision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	april 29th 1992\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	badfish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caress me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	date rape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	doin' time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	garden grove\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pawn shop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santeria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saw red (with gwen stafani)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoke two joints\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for my ruca\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i got\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong way\par
\pard\sb267\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1033	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sublime with rome\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	panic\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	subways, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh yeah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock n roll queen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	suede\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animal nitrate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful ones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything will flow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	metal mickey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new generation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's in fashion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the drowners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wild ones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trash\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sugababes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	about you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caught in a moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freak like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hole in the head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the middle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red dress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shape\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too lost in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ugly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk this way (vs. girls aloud)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sugar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i change your mind\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1034	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sugar ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i just wanna) fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	(i just wanna) fly (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	10 seconds down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	abracadabra\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	answer the phone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasin' you around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every morning (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falls apart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just wanna fly (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is she really going out with him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. bartender (it's so easy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rivers (midi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rpm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it's over\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sugarcubes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hit\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sugarhill gang\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	apache (jump on it)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rapper's delight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sugarland\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all we are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	april showers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on get higher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down in mississippi (up to no good)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every girl like me\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1035	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sugarland\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everyday american\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall into me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find the beat again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	genevieve\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just might (make me believe)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life in a northern town (with little big town)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little miss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nuttin' for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sex on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small town jericho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speed of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand back up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck like glue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugarland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me as i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time, time, time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	very last country song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i'd give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who says you can't go home (with bon jovi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wide open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	winter wonderland\par
\pard\sb290\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1036	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sugarloaf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't call us, we'll call you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green eyed lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	suggs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cecilia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	suicidal tendancies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	institutionalized\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	suicidal tendencies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	institutionalized\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send me your money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	subliminal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	war inside my head\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sullivan, jazmine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	10 seconds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holdin' you down (goin' in circles)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sum 41\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another time around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fat lip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hell song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in too deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	motivation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still waiting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what we're all about (trio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	summar, trent & the new row\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it never rains in southern california\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	summer, donna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	any way at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could it be magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dim all the lights\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1037	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	summer, donna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't want to get hurt\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot stuff (guitar orientated)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i feel love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will go with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is in control (finger on the trigger)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love to love you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's about to change my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love's unkind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	macarthur park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more tears (enough is enough) (with barbra streisand)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she works hard for the money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spring affair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of independance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this time i know it's for real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try me i know we can make it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unconditional love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sundays, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here's where the story ends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild horses\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sunny day real estate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in circles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sunshine, avery\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ugly part of me\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1038	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	super furry animals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	juxtaposed to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	superdrag\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sucked out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	supergrass\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pumping on the stereo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	richard III\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seen the light\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	superman lovers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	starlight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	supernaw, doug\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't call him daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not enough hours in the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red & rio grande\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reno\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she never looks back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state fair\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what'll you do about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you still got me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	supertramp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	babaji\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bloody well right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakfast in america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cannonball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from now on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give a little bit\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1039	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	supertramp\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	goodbye stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's raining again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lover boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	school\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take the long way home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the logical song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sure, al b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	surf punks\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wave spy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	surface\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shower me with your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the first time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	survivor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burning heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eye of the tiger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eye of the tiger (barnyard animal remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't hold back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moment of truth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the search is over\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	susana, graciele\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adoro\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swan, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can help\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sway\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	level up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swayze, patrick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's like the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shes like the wind (vibekingz dance remix)\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1040	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	swayze, patrick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	she's like the wind (vibekingz dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweat, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	butterscotch (with athena cage)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll give all my love to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just a touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep it comin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it last forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make you say ooh\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody (with athena cage)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to the middle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twisted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twisted (sexual healing remix) (with kut klose)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what is it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swedish house mafia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	antidote (vs. knife party)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you worry child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one (your name) (with pharrell)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	action\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballroom blitz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blockbuster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fox on the run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hellraiser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little willy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is like oxygen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lies in your eyes\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1041	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sweet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wig wam bam\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweet inspirations\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet inspiration\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweet sensation\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sad sweet dreamer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweet thing\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance mother\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweet, matthew\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sick of myself\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweethearts of the rodeo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chains of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	midnight girl in a sunset town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since i found you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sweetnam, skye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tangled up in me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swf\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flowers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swift, taylor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	22\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a place in this world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all too well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to december\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	begin again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better than revenge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breathe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold as you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come back... be here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear john\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	enchanted\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1042	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	swift, taylor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything has changed (with ed sheeran)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eyes open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fearless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fifteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever & always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever and always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl at home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half of my heart (with john mayer)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	haunted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey stephen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holy ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i almost do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i knew you were trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if this were a movie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm only me when i'm with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	innocent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invisible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump then fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary's song (oh my my my)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never grow up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfectly good heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	picture to burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ronan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad beautiful tragic\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1043	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	swift, taylor\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	safe and sound (with the civil wars)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should've said no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sparks fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	starlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay stay stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	story of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teardrops on my guitar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teardrops on my guitar (pop mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me why\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last time (with gary lightbody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the lucky one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the moment i knew\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the outside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the story of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way i loved you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tied together with a smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tim mcgraw\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	today was a fairytale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	treacherous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untouchable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are never ever getting back together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white horse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you belong with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're not sorry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swing out sister\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	am i the same girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breakout\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1044	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	swing out sister\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	not gonna change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you on my mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swingin' medallions\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	double shot of my baby's love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swinging blue jeans, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't make me over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hippy hippy shake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're no good\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swirl 360\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey now now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	switchfoot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dare you to move\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meant to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are one tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swizz beatz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everyday (coolin') (with eve)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	swv\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all night long (waiting to exhale)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can we\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so into you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all about u\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right here (human nature mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	use your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the one\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1045	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	sylk-e. fyne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	romeo & juliet\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sylvers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie fever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot line\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	sylvia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drifter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin' in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pillow talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snapshot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tumbleweed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	symphony of science\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a glorious dawn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a wave of reason\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	children of africa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the poetry of reality\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are all connected\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	system\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't disturb this groove\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	system of a down\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aerials\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b.y.o.b.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chop suey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hypnotize\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	innervision\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prison song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	psycho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	question!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roulette\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1046	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	system of a down\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spiders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suite-pee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	toxicity\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	t. rex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	20th century boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bang a gong (get it on)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	children of the revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cosmic dancer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love to boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jeepster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	metal guru\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ride a white swan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	solid gold easy action\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	t. rex medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telegram sam\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the visit-pavilions of the sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	t.a.t.u.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all the things she said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not gonna get us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	show me love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	t.i.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	24's\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	asap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ball (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big things poppin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bring 'em out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead & gone\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1047	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	t.i.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	got your back (with keri hilson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live your life (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love this life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no matter what\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	remember me (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubber band man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier (with destiny's child & lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swagga like us (with jay z, lil' wayne & kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	top back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u don't know me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever you like\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know what it is (with wyclef jean)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	t2\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heartbroken (with jodie aysha)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taco\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	puttin' on the ritz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taff, russ\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one & only love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tag team\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whoomp (there it is)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tag-team megamix\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	3 doors down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	abba\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alicia keys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	billy joel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bon jovi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bon jovi 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	def leppard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diamond rio\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1048	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tag-team megamix\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disco diva\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	earth wind & fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	garth brooks ballads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gender bender mix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hall and oates\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	journey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love ballad medley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lynyrd skynyrd\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	matchbox twenty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	metallica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	m\uc2\u246\'F6\'00tley cr\uc2\u252\'FC\'00e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neil diamond\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ozzy osbourne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patsy cline\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peace songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rick springfield\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sam cooke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shania twain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	take 6\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you can never ask too much\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	take that\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a million love songs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	babe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back for good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could it be magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything changes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how deep is your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it only takes a minute\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1049	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	take that\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love ain't here anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never forget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patience\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pray\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	relight my fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rule the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greatest day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up all night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taken by trees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet child o' mine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taking back sunday\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cute without the e (cut from the team)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	decade under the influence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makedamnsure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	set phasers to stun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this photograph is proof\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	talk talk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's what you make it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	such a shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk talk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	talking heads\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and she was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burning down the house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crosseyed and painless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electricity (drugs)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girlfriend is better\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1050	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	talking heads\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	life during wartime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once in a lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	psycho killer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	road to nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slippery people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay up late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me to the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this must be the place (naive melody)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild wild life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	talley, kirk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born to mourn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i start my day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if he hung the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	serenaded by angels\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	talylor, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet baby james\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tamia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	careless whisper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you put a move on my heart (with quincy jones)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tams, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be young, be foolish, be happy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey girl don't bother me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what kind of fool (do you think i am)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tangerine dream\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tyger\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tangerine kitty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dumb ways to die (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i can't make you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't go\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1051	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tankian, serj\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	empty walls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tanon, olga\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	asi es la vida\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taproot\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no surrender\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, b.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fire in your eyes (with pauley perrette)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, ben\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	carolina in my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let me be lonely tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fire & rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handy man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handy man (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	her town, too (with j.d. souther)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how sweet it is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how's the world treating you (with alison krauss)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little more time with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long ago & far away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mocking bird (alternating version) (with carly simon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mocking bird (with carly simon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never die young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new shining star (with ricky skaggs)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sailing to philadelphia (with mark knofler)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shower the people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something in the way she moves\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steamroller\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1052	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	taylor, james\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	steamroller (studio)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet baby james\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up on a roof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wide open spaces (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can close your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your smiling face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got a friend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, johnnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cheaper to keep her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disco lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i had a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bluebird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's making love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, koko\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wang dang doodle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, r. dean\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	there's a ghost in my house\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, ryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	run, run, run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	taylor, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bannerman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	teach-in\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ding-a-dong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	team america\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	america, f-ck yeah!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everyone has aids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom isn't free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so ronery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	montage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are worthless alec baldwin\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1053	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	team unicorn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	geek & gamer girls (with seth green)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tears for fears\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	advice for the young at heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break it down again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	call me mellow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elemental\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody wants to rule the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	famous last words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	head over heels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mad world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memories fade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pale shelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sowing the seeds of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman in chains\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tebey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we shook hands (man to man)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tech n9ne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	imma tell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	technotronic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get up (before the night is over)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pump up the jam\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	teddy bears, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	to know him is to love him\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	teddybears\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get mama a house (with b.o.b.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	punkrocker (with iggy pop)\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1054	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tedeschi, susan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	evidence\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it hurt so bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it hurts me too\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just won't burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock me right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tired of my tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you need to be with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tee set, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ma belle amie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	teen queens\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eddie my love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	teenage head\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let's shake\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tegan & sara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in your head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every chance we get we run (with alesso & david guetta)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living room\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the con (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking with a ghost\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tempah, tinie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	frisky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	invincible (with kelly rowland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderman (with ellie goulding)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	written in the stars (with eric turner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	written in the stars (with eric turner) (clean)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	temper trap, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fader\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet disposition\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1055	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	temperance seven\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're driving me crazy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	temple of the dog\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hunger strike\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say hello 2 heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	temple, shirley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animal crackers in my soup\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the good ship lollipop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	temptations, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't too proud to beg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ball of confusion (that's what the world is today)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beauty is only skin deep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cloud nine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get ready\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl, why you wanna make me blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get next to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't help myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know i'm losing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish it would rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll try something new (with diana ross & the supremes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna make you love me (with diana ross & the supremes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just my imagination\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papa was a rollin' stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	psychedelic shack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rudolph the red-nosed reindeer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silent night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some kind of wonderful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you do the things you do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ten foot pole\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	joy to the world\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1056	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ten years after\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'd love to change the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tenacious d\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beelzeboss (the final showdown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	classico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	double team\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	double team (hail satan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck her gently\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kickapoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	low hangin fruit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	master exploder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pick of destiny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rize of the fenix\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rize of the fenix (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock is dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock your socks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the government totally sucks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the history of tenacious d\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the metal\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tribute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tribute (tv version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderboy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tennille, toni\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's so nice to have a man around the house\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tennison, chalee\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	handful of water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just because she lives there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone else's turn to cry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tepper, robert\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no easy way out\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1057	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	terrell, tammi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no mountain high enough (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't nothing like the real thing (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could build my world around you (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if this world were mine (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your precious love (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	terror squad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lean back (with fat joe & remy)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	terry dactyl & the dinosaurs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	seaside shuffle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	terry, tony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tesh, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	forever more (i'll be the one) (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me forever (i do) (with james ingram)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mother i miss you (with dalia)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tesla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caught in a dream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern day cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you give\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tex, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a sweet woman like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't gonna bump no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotcha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to do everything for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one monkey don't stop no show\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	texas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't resist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carnival girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't want a lover\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1058	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	texas\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in our lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inner smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say what you want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleep\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	texas tornados\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(hey baby) que paso\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thalia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a quien le importa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no me ensenaste\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seduccion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	the bad, the good & the queen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kingdom of doom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	the the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	infected\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kingdom of rain (with sin\uc2\u233\'E9\'00ad o'connor)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncertain smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	them\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gloria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	them crooked vultures\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dead end friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mind eraser, no chaser\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	then jerico\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big area\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	theory of a deadman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad girlfriend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bitch came back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lowlife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no chance in hell (mr mcmahon's theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no surprise\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1059	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	theory of a deadman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nothing could come between us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	therapy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	screamager\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	they might be giants\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ana ng\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boss of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	build a little birdhouse in your soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't lets start\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dr. worm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	istanbul (not constantinople)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	letterbox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	particle man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the other father song (from coraline)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twisting (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we want a rock (8bit)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thicke, robin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can u believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty lil' heart (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thin lizzy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cowboy song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancin' in the moonlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't believe a word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jailbreak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my sarah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roisin dubh (black rose) a rock legend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosalie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sarah\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1060	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	thin lizzy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the boys are back in town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waiting for an alibi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey in the jar\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	things of stone and wood\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy birthday helen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	think\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	once you understand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	third day\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry out to jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are so good to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	third eye blind\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blinded (when i see you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystal baller\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep inside of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how's it going to be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jumper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing a whole year\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misfits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	semi-charmed life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	semi-charmed life (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	third world\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	96 degrees in the shade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now that we found love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thirsty merc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	someday someday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty good reasons\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thomas, b.j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another somebody done somebody wrong song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as long as we got each other (with dusty springfield)\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1061	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	thomas, b.j.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't worry baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody loves a rain song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hooked on a feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just can't help believing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so lonesome i could cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new looks from an old lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raindrops keep fallin' on my head\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll lullaby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the eyes of a new york woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two car garage\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thomas, carla\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gee whiz (look at his eyes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tramp (with otis redding)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thomas, rob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ever the same\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me the meltdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little wonders\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely no more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mockingbird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smooth (with santana)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thomas, rufus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do the funky penguin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking the dog\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thomas, wayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tragedy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thompson twins\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doctor doctor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king for a day\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1062	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	thompson twins\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lay your hands on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on your side\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are detective\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you take me up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thompson, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rub-a-dub-dub\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smoky the bar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wild side of life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thompson, sue\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sad movies (make me cry)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thomson, cyndi\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i always liked that best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you could only see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things i would do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i really meant to say\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thorogood, george & the destroyers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad to the bone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get a haircut\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i drink alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you don't start drinkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	move it on over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one bourbon, one scotch, one beer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thousand foot krutch\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fire it up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	three 6 mafia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	poppin' my collar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay fly\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1063	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	three 6 mafia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay fly (with young buck, eightball & mjg)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	three days grace\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animal i have become\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	three degrees\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when will i see you again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	three dog night\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	an old fashioned love song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black & white\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebrate\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	easy to be hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eli's coming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joy to the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	liar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mama told me not to come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never been to spain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pieces of april\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shambala\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the show must go on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try a little tenderness\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thrice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all that's left\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	image of the invisible\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stare at the sun\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1064	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	thrills, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big sur\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one horse town\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thriving ivory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels on the moon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	throbbing gristle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hamburger lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thunder\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a better man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you more than rock & roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love walked in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	low life in high places\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	thunderclap newman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	something in the air\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tiesto\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'mon (catch 'em by surprise) (with diplo & busta rhymes)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tiffany\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all this time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	could've been\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw him standing there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i think we're alone now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tiger lillies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crack of doom\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tight fit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back to the 60's (medley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fantasy island\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	til tuesday\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	voices carry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tillis, mel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coca-cola cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let go (with sherry bryce)\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1065	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tillis, mel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	good woman blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart over mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i ain't never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sawmill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern rains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take my hand (with sherry bryce)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your body is an outlaw\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tillis, pam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after a kiss (from happy texas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue rose is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cleopatra, queen of denial\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deep down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you know where your man is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't tell me what to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i said a prayer for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was blown away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in between dances\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's lonely out there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of the living\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let that pony run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe it was memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mi vida loca (my crazy life)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shake the sugar tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spilled perfume\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the river & the highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you walk in the room\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1066	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tillotson, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	poetry in motion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	timbaland\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break ya back (with dev)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carry out (with justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cop that sh-t (with magoo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it to me (with nelly furtado & justin timberlake)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if we ever meet again (with katy perry)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pass at me (with david guetta & pitbull)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promiscuous (with nelly furtado)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way i are (with keri hilson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	timbaland & magoo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	indian flute (with sebastian, shwari & raje)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love to love ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up jumps da boogie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	timberlake, justin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4 minutes (with madonna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carry out (with timbaland)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chop me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cry me a river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	d-ck in a box (with andy samberg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it to me (with nelly furtado)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah (with matt morris & charlie sexton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm loving it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's take a ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love sex magic (with ciara)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovestoned\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mirrors\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1067	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	timberlake, justin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my love (with t.i.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin' else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock your body\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	senorita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	se\uc2\u241\'F1\'00orita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexyback\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still on my brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suit and tie (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the end of time (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what goes around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you got, (oh no)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where is the love (with black eyed peas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work it (remix) (with nelly)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	timbuk 3\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	future's so bright, i gotta wear shades\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	time, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jungle love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bird\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	timelords, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doctorin' the tardis\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	timmy t.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one more try\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tin tin out\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	here's where the story ends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what i am (with emma bunton)\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1068	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ting tings, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fruit machine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	great dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up & let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's not my name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we walk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tiny tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tip-toe through the tulips\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tippin, aaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a door\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come friday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything i own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for you i will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got it honest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was born with a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wouldn't have it any other way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if her lovin' don't kill me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm leaving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my blue angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she feels like a brand new man tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's as close as i'll get to loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the call of the wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there ain't nothin' wrong with the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what this country needs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the stars & stripes & the eagle fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whole lotta love on the line\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1069	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tippin, aaron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	without your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working man's ph.d.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got to stand for something\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tisdale, ashley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's alright, it's ok\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tism\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(he'll never be an) ol' man river\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tity boi (aka 2 chainz)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spend it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tlc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't 2 proud 2 beg\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby-baby-baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	creep\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	damaged\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dear lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diggin' on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl talk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hands up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hat 2 da back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm good at being bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no scrubs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red light special\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silly ho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleigh ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is how it works\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unpretty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterfalls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waterfalls (with rap)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what about your friends\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1070	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	toad the wet sprocket\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good intentions\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will not take these things for granted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something's always wrong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on the ocean\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toadies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	backslider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i come from the water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	possum kingdom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tyler\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toback, jeremy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you make me feel\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tobymac\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	todd, michala\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make it work\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tokens, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the lion sleeps tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tokio hotel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rette mich\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tom robinson band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	2 4 6 8 motorway\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tom tom club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	genius of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wordy rappinghood\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1071	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tomlin, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	holy is the lord\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how great is our god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we fall down (wth steven curtis chapman)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tomlinson, ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	are you lookin' at me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tomlinson, trent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a man without a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drunker than me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just might have her radio on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tommy tutone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	867-5309 jenny\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tone loc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	funky cold medina\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funky cold medina (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild thing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tones on tail\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tonic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if you could only see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock down walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mean to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open up your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me as i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you wanted more\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tony camillo's bazuka\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dynomite (part 1)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tony rich project, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody knows\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1072	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tony toni ton\uc2\u233\'E9\'00\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anniversary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feels good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	house party (i don't know what you come to do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had no loot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it never rains (in southern california)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's get down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinking of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever you want (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	too kool chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the roof is on fire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	too short\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blow the whistle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bossy (with kelis)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cocktales\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freaky tales\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life is\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tool\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	\uc2\u230\'E6\'00nima\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eulogy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forty-six & 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lateralus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	parabola\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prison sex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	prison sex (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	schism\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sober\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toots & the maytals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(take me home) country roads\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1073	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	toots & the maytals\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	54-46 (that's my number)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do the reggay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pressure drop\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toploader\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dancing in the moonlight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	torme, mel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foggy day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	folks who live on the hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	isn't it romantic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lullaby of birdland\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lulu's back in town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet georgia brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too close for comfort\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toronto\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your daddy don't know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	torrini, emiliana\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jungle drum\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toscano, pia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tosh, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	legalize it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stepping razor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	total\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kissin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one else (with da brat)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	total coelo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i eat cannibals\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	totally enormous extinct dinosaurs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	household goods\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1074	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	totally enormous extinct dinosaurs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tapes & money\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toto\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	'99\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	africa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bottom of your soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't chain my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgy porgy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home of the brave\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't hold you back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rosanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while my guitar gently weeps\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	touch & go\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	straight... to number one (duck's mix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tower of power\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're still a young man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	townsend, ed\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	townshend, pete\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	let my love open the door\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to be free\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toyes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smoke two joints\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	toys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lover's concerto\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	t-pain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	5 o'clock (with wiz khalifa & lily allen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bang bang pow pow (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1075	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	t-pain\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bartender (with akon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best love song (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	booty work (one cheek at a time)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buy you a drank (shawty snappin')\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't believe it (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chopped 'n screwed (with ludacris)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cyclone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drowning again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freeze\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good life (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in luv (wit a stripper)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm in luv (wit a stripper) (with mike jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sprung\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss kiss (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at her go (with chris brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shawty get loose (with lil' mama & chris b.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sho-time (pleasure thing)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn all the lights on (with ne-yo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	t'pau\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	china in your hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart & soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valentine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tractors, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby likes to rock it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	badly bent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wouldn't tell you no lie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa claus boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shortnin' bread\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	traffic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dealer\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1076	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	traffic\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dear mr. fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you know what the night can do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	empty pages\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hole in my shoe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	low spark of high-heeled boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll stew\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tragically hip, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	50 mission cap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ahead by a century\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blow at high dough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boots or hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	courage\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	locked in the trunk of a car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new orleans is sinking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver jet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twist my arm\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trailer choir\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rockin' the beer gut\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	train\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	calling all angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drops of jupiter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey, soul sister\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lincoln avenue\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1077	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	train\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	marry me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	meet virginia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save me, san francisco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i look to the sky\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trammps, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	disco inferno\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zing went the strings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	transplants, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american guns\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gangsters & thugs\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trans-x\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	living on video\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trapt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	who's going home with you tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trashmen, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	surfin' bird\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	traveling wilburys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	end of the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	end of the line (no bgv)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handle with care\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heading for the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	not alone anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rattled\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tweeter and the monkey man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	travers, pat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boom boom (out go the lights)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	snortin' whiskey\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1078	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	travino, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doctor time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she can't say i didn't cry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	travis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	closer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	driftwood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flowers in the window\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	re-offender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	selfish jean\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tied to the nineties\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why does it always rain on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	writing to reach you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	travis, merle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	divorce me c.o.d\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am a pilgrim\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	travis, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	1982\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a few old country boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a little left of center\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a man ain't made of stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	an old pair of shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are we in trouble now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baptism\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baptism (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before you kill us all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better class of losers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas song\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1079	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	travis, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cowboy boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deeper than the holler\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diggin' up bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever & ever amen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard rock bottom of your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he walked on water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heroes & friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i wrap up my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i told you so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't need you anymore (always & forever)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd surrender all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i didn't have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is it still over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's just a matter of time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look heart, no hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love without amen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more life (with don henley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no place like home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on the other hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oscar the angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of my bones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	point of light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pray for the fish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	price to pay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spirit of a boy, wisdom of a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stranger in my mirror\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hole\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is me\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1080	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	travis, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	three wooden crosses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too long too gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where can i surrender\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whisper my name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wind in the wire\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	travolta, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	greased lightning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let her in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summer nights (with olivia newton-john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we go together (with olivia newton-john)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the one that i want (with olivia newton-john)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	treble charger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american psycho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hundred million\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trebol clan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no le temas a el (with hector, tito & lunytunes)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tree63\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blessed be your name\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tremeloes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	even the bad times are good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silence is golden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone someone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trent, jackie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make it easy on yourself\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tresvant, ralph\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sensitivity\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trevino, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bobbie ann mason\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1081	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	trevino, rick\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	learning as you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for the light\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only lonely me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see rock city\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trick daddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm a thug\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in da wind (with cee-lo & big boi)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar (gimme some) (with ludacris & cee-lo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trick pony\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a boy like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't wastin' good whiskey on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big river (with johnny cash & waylon jennings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every other memory\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not thinking straight anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just what i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just what i do (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a mission\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a night like this\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pour me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hell is around the corner\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	triggerfinger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i follow rivers\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	triggs, trini\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	horse to mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	straight tequila\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wreckin' crew\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trik turner\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	friends & family\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1082	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	trina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	b r right (ft ludacris)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	da da da\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trip, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	letter to my son (with cee-lo)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tritt, travis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	between an old memory & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country ain't country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	foolish pride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help me hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here's a quarter (call someone who cares)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonkin's what i do best (with marty stuart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i lost you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a great day to be alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking out for number one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lord have mercy on the working man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of a woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	modern day bonnie & clyde\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than you'll ever know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no more looking over my shoulder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing short of dying\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you (& you alone)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of control raging fire (with patty loveless)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	put some drive in your country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's going home with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes she forgets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	start the car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong enough to be your man\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1083	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tritt, travis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tell me i was dreaming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten feet tall & bulletproof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the whiskey ain't workin' (with marty stuart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this one's gonna hurt you (with marty stuart)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	t-r-o-u-b-l-e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where corn don't grow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	worth every mile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	triumph\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lay it on the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic power\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	triumph the insult comic dog\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i keed\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	troccoli, kathy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tell me where it hurts\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	troggs, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anyway you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't control myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is all around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with a girl like you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trombone shorty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do to me (with jeff beck)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	troop\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spread my wings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trooper\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	general hand grenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	janine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh pretty lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raise a little hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round, round we go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa maria\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1084	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	trooper\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the boy with a beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the boys in the bright white sports car\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thin white line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three dressed up as a nine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two for the show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're here for a good time not a long time\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	troy, doris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just one look\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	true vibe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jump, jump, jump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you found me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	trust company\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	downfall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	truth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keeper of my heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	truth hurts\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addictive (with rakim)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tubb, ernest\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drivin' nails in my coffin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soldier's last letter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thanks a lot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking the floor over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waltz across texas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tubb, ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	soldier's last letter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tubes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't touch me there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's a beauty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to you later\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tucker, tanya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(without you) what do i do with me\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1085	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tucker, tanya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a memory like i'm gonna be\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	already gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between the two of them\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blood red & goin' down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	borrowed wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can i see you tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come in out of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	delta dawn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't believe my heart can stand another you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't go out (with t. graham brown)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down to my last teardrop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	find out what's happenin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hangin' in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here's some love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highway robbery\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can do that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't understand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if your heart ain't busy tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll come back as another woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it won't be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a little too late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only over for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've learned to live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the good times roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lizzie & the rainman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love me like you used to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my arms stay open all night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh what it did to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one love at a time\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1086	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tucker, tanya\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	perfect love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ridin' out the heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ridin' rainbows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san antonio stroll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shotgun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some kind of trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong enough to bend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas, when i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the jamestown ferry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the man that turned my mama on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two sparrows in a hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waitin' for the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walking shoes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's your mama's name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would you lay with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you just watch me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tuesdays, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's up to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tulisa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	live it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tumbleweeds\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	somewhere between (female lead)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere between (male lead)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tune weavers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happy happy birthday, babe\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tunstall, kt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black horse & the cherry tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if only\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1087	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tunstall, kt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	saving my face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suddenly i see\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under the weather\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	turner, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	corrine, corrina\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	turner, josh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another try\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firecracker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i had one one time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long black train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would you go with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	turner, tina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a fool in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	acid queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	addicted to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better be good to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goldeneye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't stand rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna fight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to take you higher (with ike turner)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only love (with bryan adams)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nutbush city limits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	open arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	private dancer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	proud mary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	river deep, mountain high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	simply the best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	steamy windows\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1088	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	turner, tina\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the best\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	typical male\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	way of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we don't need another hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever you need\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's love got to do with it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the heartache is over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why must we wait until tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	turtles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	elenore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't me babe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she'd rather be with me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's my girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you showed me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tv on the radio\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	will do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wolf like me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tv theme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	77 sunset strip\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a different world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	addams family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	adventure time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all in the family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american bandstand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	andy griffith show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	animaniacs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	archie show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	archies\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1089	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tv theme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	as told by ginger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	banana splits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baretta\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	batman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baywatch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beverly hillbillies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bewitched (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big show (crank it up) (wwe theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue's clues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bob newhart show (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bonanza\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brady bunch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	casper the friendly ghost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catdog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chico & the man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chips (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cops (bad boys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	courtship of eddie's father (best friend)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	daniel boone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	darkwing duck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dethklok\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	diff'rent strokes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dora the explorer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dukes of hazard (good ol' boys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elvis end theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	facts of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fairly odd parents\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family matters\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family ties\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1090	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tv theme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fat albert & the cosby kids\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	felix the cat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	firefly (ballad of serenity)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flintstones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fraggle rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	frasier\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freakazoid!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fresh prince of bel-air\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friends (i'll be there for you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-troop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	george of the jungle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get smart!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gilligan's island\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme a break\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	greatest american hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green acres\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green acres (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grey's anatomy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	growing pains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gummi bears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	h.r. pufnstuf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have gun-will travel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hong-kong phooey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	howdy doody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm popeye the sailor man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inspector gadget\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a different world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jeffersons\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1091	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tv theme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jem & the holograms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jeopardy! (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jetsons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	johnny bravo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	josie & the pussycats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of the lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	laverne & shirley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave it to beaver (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love boat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mad about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	married with children (love & marriage)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mary tyler moore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maude (and then there's maude)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mcdonald's is my kinda place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mcdonald's is my kinda place (parody version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mighty morphin power rangers (full song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mighty morphin power rangers (tv theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mighty mouse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkees\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moonlighting\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. belvedere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. ed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. roger's neighborhood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	muppet show\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my three sons (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nanny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day at a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oscar meyer weiner song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	partridge family\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party of five (closer to free)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	patty duke show\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1092	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tv theme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pee-wee's playhouse (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect strangers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	petticoat junction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phineas & ferb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pinky & the brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pinky, elmyra & the brain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pok\uc2\u233\'E9\'00mon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	psych (i know you know)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	punky brewster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rawhide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reading rainbow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red rose tea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocket power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saved by the bell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scooby doo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secret agent man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sesame street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sigmund & the sea monster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver spoons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul train\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	space ghost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speed racer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spiderman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spongebob square pants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	star trek-the next generation (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strawberry shortcake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suite life on deck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superchicken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage mutant ninja turtles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage mutant ninja turtles (rock version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the electric company\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the price is right (made up lyrics)\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1093	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tv theme\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	three's company (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thundercats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tiny toon adventures\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twilight zone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two & a half men\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	underdog\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	victorious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome back kotter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where in the world is carmen sandiego\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's the boss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wizards of waverly place\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wkrp in cincinnati\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonder woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	twain, shania\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(if you're not in it for love) i'm outta here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	any man of mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black eyes, blue tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	c'est la vie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance with the one that brought you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't be stupid (you know i love you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever & for always\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from this moment on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from this moment on (with bryan white)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god bless the child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home ain't where his heart is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey, i'm home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i ain't no quitter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna getcha good!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm holding on to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm jealous\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1094	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	twain, shania\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	is there life after love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it only hurts when i'm breathing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	juanita\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ka-ching!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love gets me every time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man! i feel like a woman!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no one needs to know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party for two\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party for two (with billy currington)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party for two (with mark mcgrath)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock this country!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's not just a pretty face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thank you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that don't impress me much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that don't impress me much (dance remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the woman in me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanna get to know you that good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what made you say that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you kiss me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whose bed have your boots been under\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you lay a whole lot of love on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you win my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're still the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got a way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	twang, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	either way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wide awake\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1095	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tweenies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i believe in christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tweet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oops (oh my)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	twin sister\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kimmi in a rice field\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	twista\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drinks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kill us all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a 24\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one last time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	overnight celebrity (with kanye west)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pimp on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow jamz\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so lonely (with mariah carey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still feels good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wetter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	twisted sister\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burn in hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the price\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're not gonna take it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white christmas\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	twitty, conway\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all the good is gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	after the fire is gone (with loretta lynn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't she something else\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as soon as i hang up the phone (with loretta lynn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baby's gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between blue eyes & jeans\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1096	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	twitty, conway\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	boogie grass band\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desperado love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't call him a cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't cry joni (with joni twitty)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't it make you lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't take it away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fallin' for you for years\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feelings (with loretta lynn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fifteen years ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	games that daddies play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgia keeps pullin' on my ring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodbye time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday darlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello darlin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how much more can she stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't love you enough (with loretta lynn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i couldn't see you leavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't know a thing about love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you more today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i may never get to heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i see the want to in your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want to know you before we make love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish i was still in your dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'd love to lay you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not through loving you yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the only thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only make believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've already loved you in my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lead me on (with loretta lynn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	linda on my mind\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1097	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	twitty, conway\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	louisiana woman, mississippi man (with loretta lynn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	play guitar play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rainy night in georgia (with sam moore)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red neckin' love makin' night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rest your love on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she needs someone to hold her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's got a single thing in mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's needin' somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's my job\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the image of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a honky tonk angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this time i've hurt her more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tight fittin' jeans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to see my angel cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch the hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love had taken me that high\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the reason our kids are ugly (with loretta lynn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've never been this far before\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	two door cinema club\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sleep alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something good can work\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what you know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tyga\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dope (with rick ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faded (with lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in this thang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rack city\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1098	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	tyketto\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	standing alone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tyler, bonnie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a rockin' good way (with shakin' stevens)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you ever seen the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holding out for a hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holding out for a hero (remix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost in france\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	total eclipse of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	total eclipse of the heart (literal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	total eclipse of the heart (remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tyler, kris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what a woman knows\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tymes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ms. grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so much in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	type o negative\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all hallows eve\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black no. 1 (little miss scare-all)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black no. 1 (little miss scare-all) (radio edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christian woman (radio edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cinnamon girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pictures of matchstick men (with ozzy osbourne)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	tyrese\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel (with candace)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna act like that\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i like them girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signs of love makin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet lady\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1099	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	u.n.v.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so in love with you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	u2\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	acrobat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all along the watchtower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all because of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i want is you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel of harlem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bullet the blue sky (rattle and hum live version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas (baby please come home)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	city of blinding lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	disco tec\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	electrical storm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	elevation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even better than the real thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get on your boots\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gloria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helter skelter\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold me, thrill me, kiss me, kill me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i still haven't found what i'm looking for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will follow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll go crazy if i don't go crazy tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a little while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in god's country\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last night on earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lemon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is blindness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magnificent\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1100	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	u2\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make it on your own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mothers of the disappeared\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mysterious ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	new year's day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	numb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one (with mary j. blige)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one tree hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	original of the species\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red hill mining town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	running to stand still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	saints are coming (with green day)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sgt. pepper's lonely hearts club band (with paul mccartney)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so cruel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes you can't make it on your own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	staring at the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay (faraway, so close)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay (faraway, so close) (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stuck in a moment you can't get out of\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday bloody sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me to the clouds above (vs. lmc)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the electric co.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ground beneath her feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hands that built america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the saints are coming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweetest thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the unforgettable fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tryin' to throw your arms around the world\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1101	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	u2\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two hearts beat as one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ultra violet (light my way)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	until the end of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vertigo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when love comes to town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the streets have no name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who's gonna ride your wild horses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild honey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	window in the skies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	with or without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zoo station\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ub40\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakfast in bed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cherry oh baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cream puff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't break my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every breath you take\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i am\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homely girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you babe (with chrissie hynde)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it happens again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be yours tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kingston town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss & say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	many rivers to cross\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maybe tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one in ten\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't make me cry\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1102	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ub40\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rat in mi kitchen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	red red wine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since i met you lady (with lady saw)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sing our own song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swing low, sweet chariot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears in my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the earth dies screaming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way you do the things you do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	watchdogs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where did i go wrong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	uffie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	add suv (with pharrell)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ufo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	doctor, doctor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you can rock me (live)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ugk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	international players anthem (i choose you) (with outkast)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ugly kid joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cat's in the cradle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	neighbor\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ullman, tracey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breakaway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	they don't know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ultrabeat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	feelin' fine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pretty green eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ultravox\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all stood still\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing with tears in my eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hymn\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1103	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ultravox\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love's great adventure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reap the wild wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the voice\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vienna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	visions in blue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	uncle kracker\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drift away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	follow me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a little while\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when the sun goes down (with kenny chesney)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	undertones, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my perfect cousin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage kicks\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	underwood, carrie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all-american girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before he cheats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cowboy cassanova\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cupid's got a shotgun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you think about me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever changed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good in goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll stand by you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	independence day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	inside your heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus, take the wheel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave love alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one way ticket\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	so small\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some hearts\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1104	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	underwood, carrie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two black cadillacs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wasted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wheel of the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wine after whiskey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're lookin' at country\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	underworld\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	born slippy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	undisputed truth\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smiling faces\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	unit four plus two\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	concrete & clay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	unklejam\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what am i fighting for\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	unwritten law\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rest of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seein' red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she says\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up all night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	urban cookie collective\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	key\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	urban, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	but for the grace of god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days go by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's a love thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	making memories of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raining on sunday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	raise the barn (with ronnie dunn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stupid boy\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1105	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	urban, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tonight i wanna cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever i run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where the blacktop ends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who wouldn't want to be me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll think of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my better half\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	urbandub\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no ordinary love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ure, midge\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	if i was\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	urge overkill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl you'll be a woman soon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	urge, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jump right in\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	uriah heep\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	easy livin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	july morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lady in black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	look at yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stealing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet lorraine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	us3\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cantaloop (flip fantasia)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	usa for africa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we are the world\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	used, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blood on my hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue & yellow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to quit\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1106	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	used, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cut up angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i caught fire (in your eyes)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it bleed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listening\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lunacy fringe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taste of ink\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	under pressure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday's feelings\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	usher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can u get wit it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can u help me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	caught up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	climax\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	coming home for christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	confessions pt. 2\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dj got us fallin' in love (with pitbull)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i stand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey daddy (daddy's home) (with plies)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot tottie (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hottest thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't let u go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me see (with rick ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lil freak (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love in this club\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moving mountains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my boo (with alicia keys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my way\par
\pard\sb20\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1107	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	usher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nice & slow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	omg (with will.i.am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one day you'll be mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	papers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pop ya collar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	same girl (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	think of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trading places\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u don't have to call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u got it bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u make me wanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u remind me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	u-turn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's your name (with will.i.am)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yeah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yeah (with ludacris & lil jon)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	utopia\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is the answer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	v.i.c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wobble\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vaccines, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	post break up sex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wetsuit\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valance, holly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kiss kiss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	state of mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valby, john ''dr. dirty''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freecreditreportdotcom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skeeter on my peter\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1108	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	valens, ritchie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on, let's go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la bamba\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell laura i love her\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valentine, dickie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the finger of suspicion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valentino, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anonymous\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valeria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rhythm of the night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valli, frankie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't take my eyes off of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grease\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my eyes adored you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our day will come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swearin' to god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the proud one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're ready now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valli, frankie & the four seasons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't that a shame\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beggin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big girls don't cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big man in town\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bye bye baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	candy girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dawn (go away)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	december 1963 (oh what a night)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's hang on\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1109	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	valli, frankie & the four seasons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	opus 17 (don't worry 'bout me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rag doll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rhapsody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ronnie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save it for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sherry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell it to the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk like a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we can work it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who loves you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working my way back to you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	valli, june\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i understand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vampire weekend\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a-punk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cousins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	giving up the gun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oxford comma\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the kids don't stand a chance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	van dahl, ian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	castles in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't let you go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	van dyke, leroy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	auctioneer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if a woman answers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on by\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	van halen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(oh) pretty woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't talkin' 'bout love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	and the cradle will rock\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1110	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	van halen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	atomic punk\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black & blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bottoms up!\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance the night away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing in the street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't tell me (what love can do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody wants some\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel your love tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finish what ya started\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hear about it later\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot for teacher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	humans being\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ice cream man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll wait\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jamie's cryin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love walks in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	panama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	poundcake\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	romeo delight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runnin' with the devil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	secrets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tattoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	unchained\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why can't this be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you really got me\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1111	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	van helden, armand\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bonkers (with dizzee rascal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	van shelton, ricky\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a couple of good years left\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	backroads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crime of passion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't we all have the right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i am a simple man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i meant every word he said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll leave this world loving you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've cried my last tear for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's little ups & downs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living proof\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lola's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' years (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody lied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wear my ring around your neck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where was i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	van zant\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	help somebody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that scares me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	van zant, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brickyard road\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vance, vince & the valiants\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i want for christmas is you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vandals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	flowers are pretty\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vandenburg\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	burning heart\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1112	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	vandross, luther\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a house is not a home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always & forever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance with my father\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't want to be a fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	endless love (with mariah carey)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going in circles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here & now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i really didn't mean it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if only for one night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little miracles (happen every day)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let me go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never too much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power of love (love power)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reflections\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stop to love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best things in life are free (with janet jackson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the closer i get to you (with beyonc\uc2\u233\'E9\'00)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's nothing better than love (with gregory hines)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what the world needs now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your secret love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vanilla ice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cool as ice (everybody get loose) (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ice ice baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ninja rap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ninja rap (remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vanity 6\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nasty girl\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1113	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	vanity fare\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hitchin' a ride\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vannelli, gino\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i just wanna stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' inside myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people gotta move\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vannett, connie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the pussycat song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vanwarmer, randy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just when i needed you most\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vapors, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	turning japanese\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vassar, phil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	american child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	carlene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good ole days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll take that as a yes (the hot tub song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in a real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last day of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a beautiful thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	six pack summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's when i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the woman in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is god\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vaughan, frankie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the garden of eden\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tower of strength\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vaughan, sarah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken hearted melody\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it might as well be spring\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make yourself comfortable\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misty\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1114	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	vaughan, sarah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	moonlight in vermont\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my funny valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whatever lola wants\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vaughan, stevie ray\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	crossfire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pride & joy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vaughan, tyrone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	downtime\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vedder, eddie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hard sun\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vee, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bobby vee medley 1 (fast)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bobby vee medley 2 (slow)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come back when you grow up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil or angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how many tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more than i can say\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	night has a thousand eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't ask about barbara\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rubber ball\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	run to him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sharing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stayin' in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take good care of my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night has a thousand eyes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vega, suzanne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	caramel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	luka\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	marlene on the wall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tom's diner (dna remix)\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1115	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	velasquez, jaci\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	god so loved\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	llegar a ti\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on my knees\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	velvelettes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he was really sayin' somethin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needle in a haystack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	velvet revolver\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fall to pieces\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	velvet underground, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all tomorrow's parties\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool it down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	femme fatale\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm sticking with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm waiting for the man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pale blue eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock & roll (loaded version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunday morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweet jane (loaded version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	venus in furs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what goes on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vengaboys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kiss when the sun don't shine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my uncle john from jamaica\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we like to party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're going to ibiza\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	v'enna\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	where i wanna be\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vera, billy & the beaters\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	at this moment\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	storybook children (with judy clay)\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1116	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	verdi, giuseppe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brindisi (from traviata)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la donna \uc2\u232\'E8\'00 mobile (from rigoletto)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	verne, larry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mr. custer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	veronicas, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	4ever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything i'm not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hook me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave me alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	untouched\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're not gonna take it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it all falls apart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vertical horizon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everything you want\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	veruca salt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	awesome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seether\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	volcano girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	verve pipe, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	colorful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never let you down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photograph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the freshman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	verve, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bitter sweet symphony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is noise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lucky man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sonnet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the drugs don't work\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1117	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	via, angela\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	picture perfect\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vibekingz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shes like the wind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vicious, syd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vico-c\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	emboscada\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vidal, daniele\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	les champs elysees\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vidal, maria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	body rock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	videos, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	trickle, trickle\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	village people, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can't stop the music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the navy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	macho man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we want you (megamix 98' v2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	y.m.c.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	y.m.c.a. (remix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vincent, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	be-bop-a-lula\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lotta lovin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vincent, rhonda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cry of the whipporwill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what more do you want from me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vines, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't listen to the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a rockstar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	outtathaway\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1118	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	vines, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ride\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vinton, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue on blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue velvet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	halfway to paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i love how you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. lonely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roses are red (my love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to know you is to love you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	violent femmes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	add it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blister in the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	breaking up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country death song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dance mf dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone daddy gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i held her in my arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss off\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	visage\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fade to grey\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vitamin c\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	graduation (friends forever)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me, myself & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vixen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	edge of a broken heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	vogues, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	five o'clock world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn around, look at me\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1119	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	vogues, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you're the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	voice of the beehive\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't call me baby\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	voices of theory\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wherever you go\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	volbeat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fallen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sad man's tongue\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	von bondies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c'mon c'mon\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	w.a.s.p.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	animal (f-ck like a beast)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna be somebody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wagner, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i need\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wagoner, porter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a satisfied mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eat, drink & be merry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just someone i used to know (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost forever in your kiss (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misery loves company\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please don't stop loving me (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cold hard facts of life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last thing on my mind (with dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wainwright III, loudon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dead skunk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wainwright, rufus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	across the universe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	april fools\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bitter tears\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cigarettes & chocolate milk\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1120	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wainwright, rufus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	complainte de la butte (from moulin rouge)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do i disapoint you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hallelujah\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's off the hook\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vibrate\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waite, john\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how did i get by without you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	missing you 2007 (with allison krauss)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waitresses, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	christmas wrapping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i know what boys like\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waits, tom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(looking for) the heart of saturday night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cemetery polka\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas card from a hooker in minneapolis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clap hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead & lovely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goin' out west\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on st. christopher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never talk to strangers (with bette midler)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish i was in new orleans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jockey full of bourbon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little drop of poison\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	martha\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	step right up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the piano has been drinking\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wakely, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	one has my name the other has my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slippin' around (with margaret whiting)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1121	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wale\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chillin' (with lady gaga)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walk the moon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	tightrope\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	make it easy on yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my ship is coming in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no regrets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taking it all in stride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taking it all in stride (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sun ain't gonna shine anymore\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	charlie's shoes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, charlie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pick me up on your way down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who will buy the wine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, chris\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	everyday woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, clay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dreaming with my eyes wide open\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fall\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hypnotize the moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i won't have the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i could make a living\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live until i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	live, laugh, love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my heart will never know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only on days that end in y\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ordinary people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's always right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the chain of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then what\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1122	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	walker, clay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this woman & this man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's it to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do i fit in the picture\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white palace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who needs you baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're beginning to get to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, jerry jeff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	up against the wall you redneck\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, junior & the all-stars\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shotgun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what does it take (to win your love)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, mike\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honey do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, scott\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	30 century man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	duchess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jackie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joanna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no regrets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old man's back again\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, tamara\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	askin' too much\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, t-bone\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	call it stormy monday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walker, terri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whoopsie daisy\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walkmen, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	juveniles\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wall of voodoo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mexican radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring of fire\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1123	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wall, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wallace, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do you know what it's like to be lonesome\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't give up on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you leave me tonight i'll cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	primrose lane\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waller, fats\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't misbehavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when somebody thinks you're wonderful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wallflowers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	6th avenue heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beautiful side of somewhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heroes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one headlight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sleepwalker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the difference\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	three marlenes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wallpaper.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	#stupidfacedd\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walsh, joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all night long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honey don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i.l.b.t.'s (i like big tits)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life of illusion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's been good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ordinary average guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rocky mountain way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk away\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	walsh, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	every step of the way\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1124	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	walters, jamie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wang chung\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance hall days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody have fun tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to live & die in l.a.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wannadies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you & me song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wanted, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all time low\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chasing the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	glad you came\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lose my mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	war\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all day music\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	low rider\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spill the wine (with eric burdon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the cisco kid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why can't we be friends\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ward, anita\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ring my bell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ward, bill & his dominos\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sixty minute man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ward, shayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	breathless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if that's ok with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no u hang up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's my goal\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1125	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ward, zz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	'til the casket drops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warden, monte\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	someday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ware, jessie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wildest moments\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wariner, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	been there (with clint black)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burnin' the roadhouse down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	burnin' the roadhouse down (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crash course in the blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drivin' & cryin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every little whisper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	faith in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holes in the floor of heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i didn't love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm already taken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it won't be over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life's highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a river to the sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lynda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	road trippin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	small town girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how you know when love's right (with nicolette larson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the tips of my fingers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the weekend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two teardrops\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what if i said (with anita cochran)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i could come home to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	working man blues (with diamond rio & lee roy parnell)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1126	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wariner, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you can dream of me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warnes, jennifer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i've had) the time of my life (with bill medley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right time of the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	up where we belong (with joe cocker)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warrant\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherry pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i saw red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes she cries\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uncle tom's cabin\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warren brothers\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	better man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	break the record\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guilty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey mr. president\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she wants to rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's the beat of a heart (with sara evans)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where does it hurt\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warren g\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	nobody does it better (with nate dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	regulate (with nate dogg)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's love got to do with it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warren, darren\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cowboy up & party down\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warren, ellie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	shattered glass\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	warshauer, laura\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wishing well\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1127	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	warwick, dionne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(theme from) valley of the dolls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alfie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all the love in the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyone who had a heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	deja vu\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you know the way to san jose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't make me over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just don't know what to do with myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i say a little prayer for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never fall in love again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never love this way again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	message to michael\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	promises, promises\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what friends are for\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what friends are for (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what friends are for (quartet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then came you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then came you (with the spinners)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this girl is in love with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trains & boats & planes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valley of the dolls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walk on by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing & hoping\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you'll never get to heaven\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	was (not was)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	walk the dinosaur\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	washington jr, grover\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just the two of us\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	washington, dinah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby (you've got what it takes) (with brook benton)\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1128	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	washington, dinah\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	but not for me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harbour lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mad about the boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there'll be some changes made\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this bitter earth\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a difference a day makes\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	washington, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when you love somebody\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waterman, dennis\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i could be so good for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waters, crystal\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	100% pure love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	destination calabria\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gypsy woman (la da dee)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say... if you feel alright\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waters, muddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby, please don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got my mojo working\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	waters, roger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's a miracle (live)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	watley, jody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't you want me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for a new love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some kind of lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when a man loves a woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	watson, dale\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	country my a$$\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	watson, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	farewell party\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1129	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	watson, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	fourteen carat mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got no reason now for goin' home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love in the hot afternoon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing sure looked good on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old porch swing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper rosie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pick the wildwood flower\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	should i come home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old man & his horn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where love begins\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	watson, johnny ''guitar''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a real mother for ya\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	watson, russel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	where my heart will take me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	watts, reggie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	f-ck sh-t stack\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wax\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bridge to your heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wayne, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love you this much\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paper angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	we five\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you were on my mind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	we the kings\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	secret valentine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we'll be a dream (with demi lovato)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weather girls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's raining men\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	webbe, simon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after all this time\par
\pard\sb83\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1130	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	webbe, simon\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	grace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no worries\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	webstar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chicken noodle soup (with young b)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weebl's stuff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amazing horse\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weeknd, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	wicked games\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	ween\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby b-tch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bananas & blow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	even if you don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	exactly where i'm at\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gabrielle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy colored marbles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's gonna be a long night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	japanese cowboy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	piss up a rope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	push th' little daisies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hiv song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	voodoo lady\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weezer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	across the sea\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beverly hills\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buddy holly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterfly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dope nose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	el scorcho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	falling for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getchoo\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1131	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	weezer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hash pipe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holiday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just threw out the love of my dreams\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just threw out the love of my dreams (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you're wondering if i want you to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your daddy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	island in the sun\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep fishin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let it all hang out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my name is jonas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no other one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect situation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	photograph\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pink triangle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pork & beans\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say it ain't so\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slob\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	susanne\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the good life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the greatest man that ever lived\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is such a pity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tired of sex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	troublemaker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	undone (the sweater song)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we are all on drugs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why bother\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weird sisters, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	magic works\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	welch, bob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ebony eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sentimental lady\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1132	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	welch, florence\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sweet nothing (with calvin harris)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	welch, lenny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	since i fell for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	welk, lawrence\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alley cat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight, sleep tight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weller, freddy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	games people play\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weller, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	broken stones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hung up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's written in the stars\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	out of the sinking\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peacock suit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the changingman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the poacher\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinking of you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this old town (with graham coxon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild wood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you do something to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wells, kitty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amigo's guitar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak usa\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it wasn't god who made honky tonk angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	makin' believe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one by one (with red foley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	searching\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wells, mary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my guy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one who really loves you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell him\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1133	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wells, mary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	two lovers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's easy for two is so hard for one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's the matter with you baby (with marvin gaye)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wery, laurent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey hey hey (pop another bottle) (with swift kid & dev)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	west angeles c.o.g.i.c.\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	abide with me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	west, dottie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a lesson in leavin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all i ever need is you (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyone who isn't me tonight (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you happy baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	before the ring on your finger turns green\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	every time two fools collide (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sometimes when we touch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last time i saw him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til i can make it on my own (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	together again (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are we doin' in love (with kenny rogers)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would you hold it against me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	west, kanye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	addiction\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all falls down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all of the lights (with rihanna)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	american boy (with estelle)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	celebration\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	clique (with big sean & jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dark fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil in a new dress\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	devil in a new dress (with rick ross)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1134	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	west, kanye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	diamonds from sierra leone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	drive slow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flashing lights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold digger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gorgeous (with kid cudi & raekwon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gotta have it (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	h.a.m. (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heard 'em say (with adam levine)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homecoming\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homecoming (with chris martin)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus walks\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knock you down (with keri hilson & ne-yo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	late\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love lockdown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	made in america (with jay-z & frank ocean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mercy (with big sean, pusha t & 2 chainz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monster (with jay z, rick ross, nicki minaj, & bon iver)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	niggas in paris (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no church in the wild (with jay-z & frank ocean)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	paranoid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	runaway (with pusha t)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's my bitch (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this way (with dilated peoples)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to the world (with r. kelly)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	touch the sky\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1135	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	west, kanye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	way too cold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the jungle (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who gonna stop me (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why i love you (with jay-z & mr hudson)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	west, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	excerpt from a teenage opera\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	west, shelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jose cuervo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the reason god made oklahoma (with david frizzell)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	westerburg, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love untold\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	western flyer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cherokee highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	his memory\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	westlife\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a world of our own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angel wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bop bop baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flying without wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey whatever\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i let you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lighthouse\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loneliness knows me by name\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mandy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miss you nights\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	obvious\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	swear it again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tonight\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1136	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	westlife\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	total eclipse of the heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uptown girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	us against the world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what makes a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you tell me that you love me (with diana ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you raise me up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weston, kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	take me in your arms & rock me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	weston, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hasegawa general store\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	westside connection\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bow down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gangsta nation (with nate dogg)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wet wet wet\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goodnight girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i never see you again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	julia says\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is all around\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wishing i was lucky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yesterday\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wet willie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	keep on smilin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	street corner serenade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weekend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whalum, kirk\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love is a losing game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wham!\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	careless whisper\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	club tropicana\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1137	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wham!\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	edge of heaven\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything she wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you were there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	last christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake me up before you go-go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wham rap\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young guns (go for it)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wheat\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i met a girl\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wheatus\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little respect\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teenage dirtbag\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	when in rome\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the promise\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whigfield\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	saturday night\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whiskey falls\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	falling into you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whispers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	and the beat goes on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make it with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make sweet love to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white lies\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	farewell to the fairground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to lose my life\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white lion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	radar love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1138	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	white lion\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	when the children cry\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white plains\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	julie do you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my baby loves lovin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white stripes, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	apple blossom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue orchid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	conquest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dead leaves & the dirty ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fell in love with a girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl, you have no faith in medicine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hardest button to button\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just don't know what to do with myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	icky thump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my doorbell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seven nation army\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the denial twist\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're going to be friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't know what love is (you just do what you're told)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white tie affair\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you look better when i'm drunk\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white town\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white zombie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	black sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more human than human\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thunder kiss '65\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang on in there baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get enough of your love\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1139	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	white, barry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i only wanna be with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna love you just a little bit more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's ecstacy when you lay down next to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've got so much to give\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the way you are\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kiss and say goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let the music play\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never, never gonna give ya up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	practice what you preach\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	staying power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what am i gonna do with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the first, the last, my everything\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white, bryan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad day to let you go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eugene, you genius\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	from this moment on (with shania twain)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	god gave me you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not supposed to love you anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one small miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rebecca lynn\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sittin' on go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone else's star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tree of hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're still beautiful to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white, jack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm shakin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is blindness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sixteen saltines\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white, karyn\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	can i stay with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superwoman\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1140	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	white, lari\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't fence me in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	john wayne walking away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lay around & love on you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lead me not\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now i know\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ready willing & able\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stepping stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's how you know (when you're in love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the test\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what a woman wants\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild at heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white, rob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anyone who had a heart (with naomi emanuel)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	white, tony joe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	polk salad annie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whites, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hangin' around\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whitesnake\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no love in the heart of the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fool for your lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me all your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here i go again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	is this love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love ain't no stranger\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will set you free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slide it in\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	slow an' easy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	still of the night\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1141	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	whitley, keith\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't close your eyes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard livin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbreak highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homecoming '63\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wonder, do you think of me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm no stranger to the rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm over you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it ain't nothin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miami my amy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some old side road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somebody's doin' me right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	talk to me texas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ten feet away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til a tear becomes a rose (with lorrie morgan)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you say nothing at all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	would these arms be in your way\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whitman, slim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	indian love call\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	north wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rose marie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whittaker, roger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	barroom country singer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't believe in ifs anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the last farewell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	who, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amazing journey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	anyway, anyhow, anywhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baba o'riley\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	baba o'riley (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bargain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	behind blue eyes\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1142	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	who, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	behind blue eyes (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bell boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eminence front\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eminence front (backup)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	getting in tune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	going mobile\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy jack\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can see for miles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't explain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	join together\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leaving here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long live rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love reign o'er me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic bus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my generation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my generation (live at leeds)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pictures of lily\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pinball wizard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real good looking boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sea and sand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see me, feel me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	squeeze box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	substitute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime blues (live at leeds)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the kids are alright\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the punk & the godfather\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the real me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the seeker\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1143	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	who, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	we're not gonna take it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who are you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	won't get fooled again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	won't get fooled again (live)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you better you bet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	young man blues (live at leeds)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	whodini\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	freaks come out at night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	funky beat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	magic's wand\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wicks, chuck\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stealing cinderella\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	widowspeak\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gun shy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard times\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harsh realm\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wiedlin, jane\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rush hour\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wiggins, john & audrey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	has anybody seen amy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	memory making night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's in the bedroom crying\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilburn brothers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hurt her once for me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilco\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dawned on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you never know\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilcox, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bad apple\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bad reputation\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie ride\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1144	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wilcox, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	do the bearcat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	downtown came uptown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hypnotizin' boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my eyes keep me in trouble\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	riverboat fantasy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too cool\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wild cherry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	play that funky music\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wild clay, chad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	condom star (gangnam style parody)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wild horses\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i will survive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wild orchid\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	talk to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wildchild\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	renegade master 98\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilde, eugene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't say no tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i gotta get you home tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilde, kim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cambodia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four letter word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i can't have you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids in america\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' around the christmas tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you came\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you keep me hangin' on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilde, marty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a teenager in love\par
\pard\sb353\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1145	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wilder, matthew\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	break my stride\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wildfire\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rough edges\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wiley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heatwave (with rymez and ms. d)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wearing my rolex\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wot do you call it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilkinsons\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	26 cents\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boy oh boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fly the angel song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jimmy's got a girlfriend (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the yodelin' blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	will 2 power\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby i love your way-freebird\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	will.i.am\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	big & chunky (madagascar 2)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	check it out (with nicki minaj)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard (with jennifer lopez & mick jagger)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got it from my mama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	scream and shout (with britney spears)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is love (with eva simmons)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	willams, larry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bony maronie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams jr, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a country boy can survive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my rowdy friends are coming over\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	all my rowdy friends have settled down\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1146	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	williams jr, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	america will survive (country freedom concert)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	big top women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born to boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	both sides of goodbye\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cajun baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country state of mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dixie on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don juan d'bubba\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everything comes down to money & love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family tradition\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finders are keepers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gonna go huntin' tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hog wild\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hotel whiskey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	houston, we have a problem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i ain't goin' peacefully\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i fought the law\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm for love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jambalaya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep the change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave them boys alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mind your own business\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old habits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	queen of my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stoned at the jukebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	texas women\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the f word (live) (with kid rock)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a tear in my beer (with hank williams sr.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey bent & hell bound\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why can't we all just get a longneck\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1147	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	williams jr, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	women i've never had\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, andy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	aloha oe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	born free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butterfly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't get used to losing you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't help falling in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can't take my eyes off you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	charade\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	danny boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	days of wine & roses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy holidays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hawaiian wedding song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the summertime (you don't want my love)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's the most wonderful time of the year\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely street\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love theme (from the godfather)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	music to watch girls by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	somewhere my love (lara's theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	speak softly, love (godfather theme)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the twelve days of christmas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	theme from love story\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do i begin (love story theme)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, billy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i'm gonna sit right down & write myself a letter\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, christopher\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i see\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1148	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	williams, cynda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	harlem blues\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, deniece\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's gonna take a miracle\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's hear it for the boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	too much, too little, too late (with johnny mathis)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, don\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	amanda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come early morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	desperately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good ole boys like me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heartbeat in the darkness\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i believe in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll be faithful to you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it must be love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lord have mercy on a country boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lord, i hope this day is good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my rifle, my pony & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one good well\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she never knew me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	some broken hearts never mend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay young\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	story of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the old trail\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	then it's love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	till the rivers all run dry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tulsa time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkin' a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're my best friend\par
\pard\sb491\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1149	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	williams, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a fool such as i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alone & foresaken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cold, cold heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cool water\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	first year blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey good lookin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonkin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't get you off my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i cant help it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll never get out of this world alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm so lonesome i could cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jambalaya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kaw-liga\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lost highway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovesick blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mansion on the hill\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	message to my mother\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	north wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ramblin' man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	settin' the woods on fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take these chains from my heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a tear in my beer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's a tear in my beer (with hank williams jr.)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wealth won't save your soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weary blues from waitin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wedding bells\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't you love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your cheatin' heart\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, jerry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	did i tell you\par
\pard\sb514\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1150	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	williams, joy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hide\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, larry\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	short fat fannie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, lucinda\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drunken angel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right in time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	righteously\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bull & the beaver (with merle haggard)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, maurice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, robbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	advertising space\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	angels (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	are you gonna go my way (with tom jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come undone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ego a go go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eternity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	freedom\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	handsome man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you met miss jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven from here (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hot fudge\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i will talk & hollywood will listen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it's hurting you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it was a very good year\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's only us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	karma killer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids (with kylie minogue)\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1151	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	williams, robbie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	knutsford city limits\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lazy days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let love be your energy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let me entertain you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mack the knife\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	man for all seasons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my monkey\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & my shadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	millennium\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	misunderstood\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. bojangles\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nan's song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	no regrets\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old before i die\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one for my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phoenix from the flames\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	revolution\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock dj\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rudebox\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sexed up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's madonna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's the one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sin sin sin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something beautiful\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something stupid (with nicole kidman)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	south of the border\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strong\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	supreme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the road to mandalay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	well did you evah (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	win some lose some\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1152	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	williams, roger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	autumn leaves\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, saul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	list of demands\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, tex & his western caravan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	smoke smoke smoke (that cigarette)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	williams, vanessa\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	betcha never\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	can this be real\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	colours of the wind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do you hear what i hear\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dreamin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i had wings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just for tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is (with brian mcknight)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh how the years go by\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	save the best for last\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sister moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the right stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sweetest days\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where do we go from here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	work to do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are my home (with chayanne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can't run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	willimas, hank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i'm gonna) sing sing sing\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	willis, kelly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	heaven's just a sin away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if i left you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	willis, matt\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't let it go to waste\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1153	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	willis, viola\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gonna get along without you now\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	willis, wesley\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alanis morissette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rock 'n' roll mcdonalds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoot me in the a-s\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	willmon, trent\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	on again tonight\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wills, bob & his texas playboys\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	new san antonio rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roly poly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	san antonio rose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay a little longer\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wills, mark\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	19 something\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	almost doesn't count\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back at one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't laugh at me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i do (cherish you)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm not gonna do anything without you (with jamie o'neal)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jacob's ladder\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	loving every minute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nineteen somethin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's in love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wish you were here\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson phillips\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	daniel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give it up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good vibrations\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hold on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	impulsive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	over & over\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1154	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wilson phillips\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	release me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you won't see me cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're in love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	show & tell\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, ann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	almost paradise (from footloose) (with mike reno)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, brian\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	your imagination\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, gene\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	farewell party\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, gretchen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all jacked up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	california girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come to bed (with john rich)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	full time job\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here for the party\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holdin' you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	homewrecker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't feel like loving you today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lips of a bottle (with blaine larsen)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one bud wiser\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one of the boys\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pocahontas proud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	politically uncorrect (with merle haggard)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	redneck woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what happened\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when i think about cheatin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when it rains\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't have to go home\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1155	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wilson, j. frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	last kiss\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, jackie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby workout\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i get the sweetest feeling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lonely teardrops\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	reete petite\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love keeps lifting me higher & higher\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, kevin bloody\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ho ho f-cking ho\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kev's courtin' song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	santa's f-cking roadies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, meri\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	internet man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	peter the meter reader\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	telephone man\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, nancy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	happiness is just a thing called joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	satin dolll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the best is yet to come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the nearness of youl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are you doing new year's eve\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilson, tim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(livin' in) cell hell\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ballad of john rocker\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoals plane theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teddy's dead\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ward burton train\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wilsons, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	monday without you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	win win\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	interleave (with alexis of hot chip)\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1156	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	winans, mario\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i don't want to know (with puff daddy)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never really was\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	winans, marvin\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	draw me close to you, thy will be done\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	winehouse, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(there is) no greater love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a song for you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	addicted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to black\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back to black (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	b-boy baby (with mutya buena)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	best friends right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	between the cheats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	body & soul (with tony bennett)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	f-ck me pumps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	half time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he can only hold her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	help yourself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey little rich girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hey little rich girl (with zalon ade)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i heard love is blind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just friends\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like smoke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like smoke (with nas)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is a losing game\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	me & mr. jones\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	monkey man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	our day will come\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rehab\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	round midnight\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1157	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	winehouse, amy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	some unholy war\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someone to watch over me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stronger than me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take the box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	teach me tonight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears dry (original)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tears dry on their own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the girl from ipanema\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to know him is to love him\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valerie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valerie ('68 version)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valerie (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valerie (with mark ronson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up alone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wake up alone (original)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	will you still love me tomorrow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know i'm no good\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you know i'm no good (with ghostface killah)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you sent me flying\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	winger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	headed for a heartbreak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	miles away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seventeen\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wingert, wally\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	adam west\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	winslet, kate\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	what if\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	winter, edgar\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	free ride\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	winter, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	drinkin' blues\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1158	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	winter, johnny\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gangster of love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	winwood, steve\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back in the high life again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you know what the night can do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	holding on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roll with it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the finer things\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valerie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	while you see a chance\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wiseguys, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	start the commotion\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wiseman, mac\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	footprints in the snow\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wisin y yandel\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	something about you (with chris brown & t-pain)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	withers, bill\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't no sunshine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	give me forever i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grandma's hands\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just the two of us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lean on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovely day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lovely day (sunshine mix)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soul shadows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	use me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	witherspoon, jimmy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ain't nobody's business\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	witherspoon, reese\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	jackson (from walk the line) (with joaquin phoenix)\par
\pard\sb376\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1159	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wizzard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angel fingers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish it could be christmas every day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see my baby jive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wolf, brad\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love oughta be perfect (with pete rose)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wolf, peter\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lights out\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wolfman\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for lovers (with pete doherty)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wolfmother\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back round\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	joker & the thief\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wolfsheim\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	kein zur\uc2\u252\'FC\'00ck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once in a lifetime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	once in a lifetime (club mix)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	womack & womack\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	teardrops\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	womack, bobby\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dayglo reflection (with lana del rey & damon albarn)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't knock my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you think you're lonely now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	looking for a love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman's gotta have it\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	womack, lee ann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a little past little rock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ashes by now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blame it on me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	buckaroo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	does my ring burn your finger\par
\pard\sb106\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1160	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	womack, lee ann\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't tell me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	finding my way back home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	forever everyday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good news, bad news (with george strait)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he oughta know that by now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he'll be back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i hope you dance\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i may hate myself in the morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll think of a reason later\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mendocino county line (with willie nelson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never again again\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	now you see me now you don't\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	something worth leaving behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there's more where that came from\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	twenty years & two husbands ago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what are you doing new year's eve\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why they call it falling\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you've got to talk to me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wombats, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	backfire at the disco\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's dance to joy division\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wombles, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	remember you're a womble\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wonder stuff\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	size of a cow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	welcome to the cheap seats\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wonder, archie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wonder, stevie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a place in the sun\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1161	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wonder, stevie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all i do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another star\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	as\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	boogie on reggae woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't you worry about a thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebony & ivory (with paul mccartney)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fingertips\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for once in my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	for your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden lady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	happy birthday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heaven help us all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's misstra know it all\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	higher ground\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i just called to say i love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i never dreamed you'd leave in summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i was made to love her\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wish\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if it's magic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if you really love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm gonna make you love me (with diana ross)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	isn't she lovely\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep our love alive\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	knocks me off my feet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	land of la la\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lately\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	livin' for the city\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love light in flight\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	master blaster jammin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	moon blue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my cherie amour\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1162	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wonder, stevie\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	overjoyed\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	part time lover\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pastime paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	positivity\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ribbon in the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	seasons of love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send one your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shoo-be-doo-be-doo-da-day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signed, sealed, delivered, i'm yours\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	signed, sealed, delivered, i'm yours (with blue)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sir duke\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	someday at christmastime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stay gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superstition\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what christmas means to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these three words\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	uptight (everything's alright)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	village ghetto land\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	village ghetto land (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we can work it out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what's the fuss\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yester-me yester-you yesterday\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you are the sunshine of my life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you haven't done nothin'\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wonder, wayne\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	no letting go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect proposal\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wonders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dance with me tonight\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1163	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wonders, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i need you (that thing you do)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that thing you do\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wong, faye\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	eyes on me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wood, brenton\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	gimme little sign\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oogum boogum song\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wood, david\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ride the wild west\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wood, victoria\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ballad of barry & freda\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	woodward, josh\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	coffee\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	woodward, lucy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dumb girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wooley, sheb\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	purple people eater\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	woolpackers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hillbilly rock, hillbilly roll\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	world party\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	put the message in the box\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ship of fools\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	worley, darryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	awful beautiful life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	family tree\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	have you forgotten\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i miss my friend\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if something should happen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothin but a love thang\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sideways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	when you need my love\par
\pard\sb60\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1164	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	worley, darryl\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	whistle dixie\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	worship jamz style\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lord i lift your name on high\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wreckers, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	leave the pieces\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my, oh my (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tennessee\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the good kind\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wreckx-n-effect\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	rump shaker\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wright, betty\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	clean up woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grapes on a vine (with the roots & lil' wayne)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old songs (with the roots)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wright, charles\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	express yourself\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wright, chely\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	back of the bottom drawer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hard to be a husband, hard to be a wife (with brad paisley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's a good ol' boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	horoscope\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i already do\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it was\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jezebel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just another heartache\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	listenin' to the radio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	never love you enough\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	right in the middle of it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sea of cowboy hats\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she went out for cigarettes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shut up & drive\par
\pard\sb152\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1165	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wright, chely\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	single white female\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the bumper of my s.u.v.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the love he left behind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the love that we lost\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til i was loved by you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wright, gary\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't try to own me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dream weaver\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love is alive\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wright, michelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	he would be sixteen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one good man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	take it like a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wu-tang clan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	c.r.e.a.m.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gravel pit\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gravel pit (with hook)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wylie, pete\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sinful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wynette, tammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	another lonely song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	apartment 9\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	d-i-v-o-r-c-e\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	girl thang (with wynonna judd)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	golden ring (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good lovin' (makes it right)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't wanna play house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	if god met you (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids (say the darndestthings)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	kids say the darndest things\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1166	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	wynette, tammy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	love me, love me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my elusive dreams (with david houston)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	near you (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	silver threads & golden needles (with loretta lynn & dolly parton)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	stand by your man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the ways to love a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	'til i get it right\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	two story house (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we loved it away (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	we're gonna hold on (with george jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your good girl's gonna go bad\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're looking at country\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	wynnette, holly\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	my future ex-boyfriend\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	x\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	blue spark\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	los angeles (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the hungry wolf\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white girl (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white girl (male solo)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild thing (major league soundtrack)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	x-ray spex\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	germ free adolescent\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i can't do anything\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	xscape\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	just kickin' it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love on my mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the arms of the one who loves you\par
\pard\sb198\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1167	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	xscape\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	understanding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who can i run to\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	xtc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	dear god\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	making plans for nigel\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	senses working overtime\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sgt. rock is going to help me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the mayor of simpleton\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tower of london\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	xx, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	angels\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chained\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crystalised (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sunset\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	xzibit\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	best of things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	y&t\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	mean streak\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rescue me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	summertime girls\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yacht\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i believe in you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	psychic city (voodoo city)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	see a penny (pick it up)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yamin, elliott\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	home\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one word\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait for you\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yankee grey\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all things considered\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another nine minutes\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1168	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	yankovic, weird al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a complicated song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	achy breaky song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	addicted to spuds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	alimony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	amish paradise\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	another tattoo\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bedrock anthem\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bob\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brady bunch\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	callin' in sick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	canadian idiot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	chicken pot pie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	christmas at ground zero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	close but no cigar\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	couch potato\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dare to be stupid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	do i creep you out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't download this song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	eat it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ebay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fat\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	genius in france\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good enough for now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	grapefruit diet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	green eggs & ham\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gump\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hardware store\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harvey the wonder hamster\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	headline news\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here's johnny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	horoscope for today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i lost on jeopardy\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1169	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	yankovic, weird al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i love rocky road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i want a new duck\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll sue ya\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's all about the pentiums\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jerry springer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jurassic park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	king of suede\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lasagna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a surgeon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living with a hernia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	men in brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	money for nothing-beverly hillbillies\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mr. popeil\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my bologna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ode to a superhero\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one more minute\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pancreas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party at the leper colony\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	party in the c.i.a.\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perform this way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	phony calls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polka face\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polka power\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polka your eyes out\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polkamon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	polkarama\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ricky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she drives like crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	since you've been gone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	six words long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	smells like nirvana\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	spam\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1170	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	yankovic, weird al\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	spy hard\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	taco grande\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the night santa went crazy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the saga begins\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the white stuff\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trash day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	truck drivin' song\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wanna b ur lovr\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weasel stomping day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weird al show theme\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	white & nerdy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why does this always happen to me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yoda\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you don't love me anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your horoscope for today\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're pitiful\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yarborough, glen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baby the rain must fall\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yardbirds, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for your love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart full of soul\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm a man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shapes of things\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yayo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	so seductive (with 50 cent)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yazoo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	don't go\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's diary\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	situation\par
\pard\sb445\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1171	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	yazz\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the only way is up\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yeah yeah yeahs\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cheated hearts\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	date with the night\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dragon queen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dull life\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gold lion\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heads will roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hysteric\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little shadow\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	maps\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mysteries\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	shame & fortune\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	skeletons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	soft shock\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tick\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	y-control\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	zero\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yearwood, trisha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	believe me, baby, i lied\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	better your heart than mine\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everybody knows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	georgia rain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hearts in armor\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how do i live\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i don't paint myself into corners\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i need you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i wanna go too far\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i would've loved you anyway\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'll still love you more\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm still alive\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1172	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	yearwood, trisha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in another's eyes (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it wasn't his child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like we never had a broken heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will always win (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	o mexico\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	on a bus to st. cloud\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	perfect love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	powerful thing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real live woman\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's in love with the boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	squeeze me in (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sweetest gift\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	that's what i like about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the song remembers when\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the woman before me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the wrong side of memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	there goes my baby\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinkin' about you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	this is me you're talking to\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	those words we said\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	to make you feel my love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	trying to love you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkaway joe\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	walkaway joe (with don henley)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where are you now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where your road leads\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	where your road leads (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wild as the wind (with garth brooks)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	woman walk the line\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wrong side of memphis\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	xxx's & ooo's (an american girl)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you can sleep while i drive\par
\pard\sb43\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1173	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	yearwood, trisha\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	you say you will\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're where i belong\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yeasayer\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ambling alp\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	madder red\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yelle\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	\uc2\u224\'E0\'00 cause des gar\uc2\u231\'E7\'00ons\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	je veux te voir\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	mon pays\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	que veux tu\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yello\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	the race\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yellowcard\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	always summer\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hang you up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light up the sky\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lights & sounds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ocean avenue\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only one\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rough landing, holly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the sound of you & me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yes\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	leave it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lift me up\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long distance runaround\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love will find a way\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	owner of a lonely heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	roundabout (radio edit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wonderous stories\par
\pard\sb422\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1174	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	ying yang twins\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	(i got that) boom boom (with britney spears)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	badd (with mike jones)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	get low (with lil' jon & eatside boys)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	naggin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	salt shaker (with lil' jon)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	say i yi yi\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wait (the whisper song)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yo gotti\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cases (with 2 chainz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	go girl (with big k.r.i.t., big sean, wale & wiz khalifa)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yoakam, dwight\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a thousand miles from nowhere\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ain't that lonely yet\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	always late (with your kisses)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	back of your hand\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	claudette\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	crazy little thing called love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fast as you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gone (that'll be me)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	guitars, cadillacs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of stone\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	here comes santa claus\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	honky tonk man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i got you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i sang dixie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it only hurts when i cry\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	little ways\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long white cadillac\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nothing's changed here\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	please, please baby\par
\pard\sb244\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1175	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	yoakam, dwight\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	pocket of a clown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	population me\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ring of fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	send a message to my heart (with patty loveless)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sorry you asked\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	streets of bakersfield\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	streets of bakersfield (with buck owens)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	suspicious minds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the heart that you own\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	these arms\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	things change\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	thinking about leaving\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	try not to look so pretty\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	turn it on, turn it up, turn me loose\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what do you know about love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you're the one\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yodelice\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sunday with a flu\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	york, kathleen ''bird''\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the deep\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yorke, thom\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	atoms for peace (8bit)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	black swan\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	weird fishes-arpeggi (live version)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yorn, pete\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	for us\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	life on a chain\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	relator (with scarlett johansson)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	strange condition\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young buck\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	stay fly (with three 6 mafia, eightball & mjg)\par
\pard\sb175\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1176	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	young buck\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	u ain't goin' nowhere\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young dubliners, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	leaving of liverpool, the\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young jeezy\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i luv it\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	r.i.p. (with 2 chainz)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	real as it gets (with jay-z)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	vacation\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young mc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bust a move\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young money\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bedrock\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young rascals, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a beautiful morning\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	a girl like you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	good lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	groovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	how can i be sure\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i ain't gonna eat out my heart anymore\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i've been lonely too long\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	people got to be free\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you better run\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young the giant\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	cough syrup\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my body\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young, faron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	alone with you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	country girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	goin' steady\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	hello walls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	it's four in the morning\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1177	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	young, faron\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	this little girl of mine\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young, karen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hot shot\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	nobody's child\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young, kathy & the innocents\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a thousand stars\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young, neil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	after the gold rush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cinnamon girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cinnamon girl (duet)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comes a time\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	comes a time (no backing vocals)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	down by the river\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	four strong winds\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harvest\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	harvest moon\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	heart of gold\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	helpless\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	let's roll\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	like a hurricane\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	long may you run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my my hey hey (acoustic)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	my my hey hey (electric)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	needle & the damage done\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	ohio\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	old man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	only love can break your heart\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	philadelphia\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rockin' in the free world\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	southern man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sugar mountain\par
\pard\sb221\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1178	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	young, neil\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	world on a string\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young, paul\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	come back & stay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	everytime you go away\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	love of the common people\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	oh girl\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	senza una donna\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	what becomes of the broken hearted\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	wherever i lay my hat (that's my home)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	young, will\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all time love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	come on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	don't let me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	evergreen\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	friday's child\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	leave right now\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	light my fire\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	losing myself\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	switch it on\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	who am i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	you & i\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	your game\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	youngbloods\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	get together\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	youngs, jenny owen\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	f-ck was i\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yo-yo\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	bonnie & clyde theme (with ice cube)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	yung joc\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	it's goin' down\par
\pard\sb399\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1179	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	zac brown band\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chicken fried\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	fox on the run\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	free-into the mystic\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	highway 20 ride\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i play the road\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jolene\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	keep me in mind\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	make this day\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	martin\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	settle me down\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sic em on a chicken\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whiskey's gone\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zager & evans\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	in the year 2525\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zapp & roger\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	computer love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zappa, frank\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	anywhere the wind blows\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	bobby brown\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	broken hearts are for a-sholes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	catholic girls\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cosmik debris\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dancing fool\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dinah-moe humm\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dirty love\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	flakes\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	he's so gay\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jewish princess\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	valley girl (with moon unit zappa)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	yellow snow\par
\pard\sb468\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1180	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	zappacosta\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	overload\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zavaroni, lena\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	ma, he's makin' eyes at me\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zebrahead\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	lobotomy for dummies\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zedd\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	clarity (with foxes)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zellweger, renee (with catherine zeta-jones)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i move on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zero 7\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	destiny\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	in the waiting line\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zeta-jones, catherine\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	all that jazz\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zeta-jones, catherine (with renee zellweger)\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i move on\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zevon, warren\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	excitable boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	lawyers, guns & money\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	werewolves of london\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zhan\uc2\u233\'E9\'00\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	hey mr. d.j.\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zoe\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	sunshine on a rainy day\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zombie, rob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	brick house\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	brick house (with trina)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	demon speeding\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	dragula\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	feel so numb\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	living dead girl\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1181	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	zombie, rob\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	never gonna stop\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sick bubblegum\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	superbeast\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zombies, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	beechwood park\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	butcher's tale (western front 1914)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	care of cell 44\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	she's not there\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tell her no\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	the way i feel inside\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	time of the season\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	whenever you're ready\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zonday, tay\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	chocolate rain\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zucchero\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	baila (sexy thing)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zuchero\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	senza una donna (with paul young)\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zutons, the\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	oh stacey (look what you've done)\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	why don't you give me your love\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zwan\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	honestly\par
\pard\sb21\tx20\f0\fs20\i\b 	zz top\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	a fool for your stockings\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	beer drinkers & hell raisers\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	blue jean blues\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	cheap sunglasses\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	double back\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	gimme all your lovin'\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	got me under pressure\par
\pard\sb129\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1182	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
\pard\page\tx20\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs24\b 	october 2012 rare and unique tracks!	download the free baby ketten iphone app!\par
\pard\tx20\f0\fs18\i\b0 {\cf1	Title}\par
\pard\sb37\tx20\f0\fs20\b 	zz top\par
\pard\sb1\tx20\f0\fs18\i0\b0 	i thank you\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	i'm bad, i'm nationwide\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	jesus just left chicago\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	just got paid\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	la grange\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	legs\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	pearl necklace\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	rough boy\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	sharp dressed man\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tube snake boogie\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tush\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	tv dinner\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	velcro fly\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	viva las vegas\par
\pard\sb11\tx20	waitin' for the bus\par
\pard\sb4242\tx20\tx2825\tqr\tx5585\tqc\tx5734\tx5866\tqr\tx11592\f0\fs14 {\cf2	Song List Generator\uc2\u174\'AE\'00}	\f0\fs16  Printed  3/19/2013	Page  1183	of	1183	\f0\fs12 {\cf2 Licensed to John Brophy }\par
}